

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-19-004430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190401
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REED'S
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		19719544
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 MERRITT 7 CORPORATE PARK
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 890-0557
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 MERRITT 7 CORPORATE PARK
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REED'S INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140512
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REEDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020122
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018

Commission
File Number 001-32501

REED&rsquo;S
INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization
    
Identification
    Number

    
    
    

201
    Merritt 7
    
    

Norwalk
    CT
    
    

Address
    of principal executive offices
    
Zip
    Code


(800)
997-3337
Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Class
    
Name
    of each exchange where registered

Common
    Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
    
NYSE
    American


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Non-accelerated filer [X] Smaller reporting company [X]
Emerging
Growth Company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No&nbsp;[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30
 2018 was $52
479
350.

33
496
297
common shares
 $.001 par value
 were outstanding on March 15
 2019.






    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

PART
    I
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A. 
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III 
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV 
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules 
    

Item
    16.
Form
    10K Summary
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; or &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are
often
 but not always
 made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;would&rdquo; and &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements
involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document.
All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in
this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements.

The
risk factors referred to in this Annual Report beginning on page 13 could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially
from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made
 and we do not undertake any obligation
to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement
is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for
us to predict which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which
any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Management
cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our control
involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from
the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors.



    
Our
    ability to generate sufficient cash flow to support marketing and product development plans and general operating activities


    
    

    
Decreased
    demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences


    
    

    
Competitive
    products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace


    
    

    
The
    introduction of new products


    
    

    
Our
    being subject to a broad range of evolving federal
 state and local laws and regulations including those regarding the labeling
    and safety of food products
 establishing ingredient designations and standards of identity for certain foods
 environmental
    protections
 as well as worker health and safety. Changes in these laws and regulations could have a material effect on the
    way in which we produce and market our products and could result in increased costs


    
    

    
Changes
    in the cost and availability of raw materials and the ability to maintain our supply arrangements and relationships and procure
    timely and/or adequate production of all or any of our products




    
    




    
Our
    ability to penetrate new markets and maintain or expand existing markets


    
    

    
Maintaining
    existing relationships and expanding the distributor network of our products


    
    

    
Maintaining
    the listing of our common stock on the NYSE American market or other national securities exchange


    
    

    
The
    marketing efforts of distributors of our products
 most of whom also distribute products that are competitive with our products


    
    

    
Decisions
    by distributors
 grocery chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any
    of our products that they are carrying at any time


    
    

    
The
    availability and cost of capital to finance our working capital needs and growth plans


    
    

    
The
    effectiveness of our advertising
 marketing and promotional programs


    
    

    
Changes
    in product category consumption


    
    

    
Economic
    and political changes


    
    

    
Consumer
    acceptance of new products
 including taste test comparisons


    
    

    
Possible
    recalls of our products
 and

    
    

    
Our
    ability to make suitable arrangements for the co-packing of any of our products.


Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements.

PART
I

Item
1. Business



Reed&rsquo;s
Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s&rdquo;
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; or &ldquo;us&rdquo; throughout
this report) owns a leading portfolio of handcrafted
 all-natural beverages that is sold in over 30
000 outlets nationwide (including
the natural and specialty food channel
 grocery stores
 mass merchants
 drug stores
 convenience stores
 club stores and on-premise
locations including bars and restaurants). Reed&rsquo;s two core brands are Reed&rsquo;s Craft Ginger Beer and Virgil&rsquo;s
Handcrafted soda. Reed&rsquo;s Craft Ginger Beers are unique due to the proprietary process of using fresh ginger root combined
with a Jamaican inspired recipe of natural spices
 honey and fruit juices. Reed&rsquo;s uses this same handcrafted approach in
its Virgil&rsquo;s line of great tasting
 bold flavored craft sodas
 including its award winning Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer.

Reed&rsquo;s
is the leading ginger beer in the US; Virgil&rsquo;s is the leading independent (not aligned with Coca-Cola or Keurig Dr. Pepper)
all-natural full line craft soda and is ranked fourth in the craft soda category as a whole.

Recent
Business Optimization

In
2017
 Reed&rsquo;s newly hand-picked executive management team developed and launched a plan to capture performance improvements
re-accelerate core brand growth
 and become a premier &ldquo;asset-light&rdquo; sales and marketing organization.


    
    


Beginning
in June of 2017
 pursuant to our plan
 we successfully:



    
    
Optimized
    our business model through the sale of our manufacturing and bottling facility in Los Angeles. As a result
 we have been relieved
    of annual lease payments of approximately $420
000
 idle plant costs which aggregated $2
428
000 in 2018
 and
    the need for significant continuing capital expenditures;

    
    
    

    
    
negotiated
    new strategic co-packing partnerships on both coasts for both bottles and cans;

    
    
    

    
    
completed
    the relocation of our headquarters to Norwalk
 Connecticut and added upgraded leadership talent across all functions including
    sales
 marketing
 supply chain
 finance and accounting;

    
    
    

    
    
streamlined
    our portfolio to focus on the approximately thirty-five SKUs that together accounted for approximately 83% of 2018 gross revenue;

    
    
    

    
    
restructured
    our selling prices to offset several years of raw material price increases;

    
    
    

    
    
negotiated
    improved raw material vendor contracts;

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into a new long-term glass supply agreement significantly improving gross margins;

    
    
    

    
    
enhanced
    our capital structure
 including entering into a new credit facility with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal that improved terms
 reduced
    debt-service requirements by approximately $1.5 million on an annualized basis
 and increased flexibility to support Reed&rsquo;s
    future growth needs;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    investment and expanded capabilities in sales and marketing
 including development of a marketing function; secured partnerships
    with new creative
 public relations and marketing support agencies;

    
    
    

    
    
established
    relationships with leading brokers across multiple channels of distribution to expand sales reach;

    
    
    

    
    
completed
    a refresh of both the Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s brands which included new package designs
 updated web sites and social
    media platforms
 and the development of consumer pull campaigns;

    
    
    

    
    
through
    innovation
 developed and announced new product launches: Zero Sugar offerings
 can packaging and channel-specific packages
    and

    
    
    

    
    
successfully
    launched Virgil&rsquo;s Zero Sugar in cans in five thousand retail outlets including Target and Kroger nationally
 which helped
    drive brand growth of more than 30% in the fourth quarter of 2018.


We
believe that we begin 2019 solidly positioned as an asset light company
 with a significantly enhanced infrastructure capable
of driving accelerated growth well beyond the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Company now will be able to focus all of its attention
and resources on driving growth and building its brands
 with capital flexibility
 a reduced need for capital expenditures
 and
an optimized operating model.

Industry
Overview

Reed&rsquo;s
offers its portfolio of natural hand-crafted beverages in the craft specialty foods industry as natural alternatives to the estimated
$90 billion mainstream carbonated soft drinks (&ldquo;CSD&rdquo;) market in the United States. Reed&rsquo;s products are sold
across the country and internationally in the following major channels: natural food
 specialty food
 grocery
 mass merchant
convenience
 club
 drug
 and on-premise bars and restaurants.

While
Reed&rsquo;s is a top-seller in natural food store markets
 it also sells nationally to major grocery chains. Sales growth of
natural food and beverage products is presently outpacing sales growth for conventional products in every region in the United
States. The trend in grocery stores is to expand offerings of natural products. We believe that as we continue to invest our attention
and resources in driving accelerated growth and building our brands
 we will have the ability to scale our business and continue
to build our presence and distribution across all retail channels.


    
    


Carbonated
Soft Drink Industry Overview


The
CSD market continues to be a large category in the overall American consumer beverage industry. According to Chicago-based Mintel
in April 2017
 carbonated soft drinks enjoyed about a 90% household penetration. However
 years of CSD decline (13 years of decline
through 2017 according to Mintel) have resulted in an urgency to innovate within this category. The ginger ale category has experienced
steady CAGR growth of more than 5% over the last 4 years and more than 11% over the latest 52 weeks (based on SPINS
MULO/Natural/Specialty Sales ending 12/2/18). Consumers continue to increasingly embrace ginger ingredients and ginger products.
More consumers are focused on digestive health and are likely opting for the functional and digestive health benefits of ginger-based
beverages. While many consumers clearly still want to indulge in soft drinks
 they are turning to ginger beverages as a way to
impart some health benefits.


The
biggest shift seen over the last decade is a redefinition of what it means to eat and drink healthfully. More consumers are opting
for naturally healthful products touting organic and natural appeals. In addition
 as the craft and natural soda segment is still
underdeveloped at only 1% of the total CSD market
 we believe there is significant growth potential to continue to market and
sell our portfolio of branded products and encourage consumers to switch away from mainstream beverages that contain artificial
colors
 flavors
 sweeteners and preservatives to great tasting natural alternatives.

Consumer
Trends Driving Growth for Our Products

The
following is a list of consumer trends that act as tailwinds as we sell and market our portfolio of ginger beer and handcrafted
beverages:




    
    
Growing
    Consumer Interest in Better-for-You and Healthier Products
 consumers reported that &lsquo;healthy
    options
&rsquo; followed by &lsquo;natural ingredients&rsquo; were the two top factors when considering purchasing new products.

    
    
    

    
    
Reducing
    Sugar and Artificial Sweeteners

    
    
    

    
    
Authentic
    and Distinct Brands
 cross-generational appeal (Millennials and Boomers alike) for brands with an authentic
    story
 proprietary processes
 higher quality ingredients and unique packaging.

    
    
    

    
    
Trading
    up to Premium and Craft
    for small batch
 handcrafted brands that offer higher quality products and authentic bold flavors.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Craft Soda Category is Underdeveloped
    beverage categories; it is currently less than 1% of the overall CSD category while craft beer accounts for over 20% of the
    total beer category.

    
    
    

    
    
Ginger
    Use in Beverages is Growing: 
 and we believe its momentum will
    continue.

    
    
    

    
    
Growth
    in Non-Alcoholic Alternatives (Mocktails) in On-Premise
    and unique flavors when they go out to bars and restaurants.

    
    
    

    
    
Demand
    for Premium Mixed Drinks
 growing 30% year
    over year in on-premise sales. They are now in the top five most popular cocktails in the United States according to both
    Nielsen and Cheers Magazine.



Our
strategies will remain responsive to these macro consumer trends as we concentrate our efforts on developing the Company&rsquo;s
sales and marketing functions.


    
    


Our
Products

Our
hand-crafted natural beverages use only premium natural ingredients. Our products are free of genetically modified organisms (&ldquo;GMOs&rdquo;)
and are gluten free. Over the years
 Reed&rsquo;s has developed several product offerings. In 2018
 we streamlined our focus to
our core product offerings of Reed&rsquo;s Craft Ginger Beer and Virgil&rsquo;s Craft Sodas and launched a new line of Virgil&rsquo;s
Zero Sugar Sodas in twelve ounce cans.

Reed&rsquo;s
Craft Ginger Beer

Reed&rsquo;s
Craft Ginger Beer is distinguished from other ginger beers by its proprietary process of brewing fresh ginger root
 its exclusive
use of all-natural ingredients
 and its authentic Jamaican-inspired recipe. We do not use preservatives
 artificial flavors
 or
colors
 and our Ginger Beer is certified kosher. We offer different levels of fresh ginger content
 ranging from our lightest-spiced
Original
 to our medium-spiced Extra
 and finally to our spiciest Strongest. We also offer two sweetener options: one with cane
sugar
 honey and fruit juices and another without sugar (Zero Sugar) made from an innovative blend of natural sweeteners (developed
in 2018 and commercialized in 2019).

As
of the end of 2018
 the Reed&rsquo;s Craft Ginger Beer line included three major varieties:




    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Original Ginger Beer &ndash; 
    lemon
 lime
 honey
 raw cane sugar
 pineapple
 herbs and spices.

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Extra Ginger Beer &ndash; 

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Strongest Ginger Beer


In
2018
 we also announced a NEW Zero Sugar Reed&rsquo;s Craft Ginger Beer to be launched in 2019 in both bottles and first ever
cans.

Virgil&rsquo;s
Handcrafted Sodas

Virgil&rsquo;s
is a premium handcrafted soda that uses only all-natural ingredients to create bold renditions of classic flavors. We don&rsquo;t
use any preservatives
 any artificial colors
 or any GMO-sourced ingredients
 and our Virgil&rsquo;s line is certified kosher.

The
Virgil&rsquo;s line includes the following products:

Handcrafted
Line: 
root beer ever produced and has since won numerous awards. Virgil&rsquo;s difference is using all-natural ingredients to craft
bold
 classic soda flavors. Virgil&rsquo;s Handcrafted line includes Root Beer
 Vanilla Cream
 Black Cherry
 and Orange.

Zero
Sugar Line: 
 Virgil&rsquo;s launched a new line of Zero Sugar
 Zero Calorie craft sodas. Each Zero Sugar soda is sweetened
with a proprietary blend of natural sweeteners. This all-natural line of Zero Sugar flavors includes Root Beer
 Cola
 Black Cherry
Vanilla Cream
 Orange and Lemon-Lime. The product has recently been certified Keto compliant.

2019
Pilot Test Product Launches

By
the end of the second quarter of 2019
 Reed&rsquo;s intends to launch pilot tests of its Wellness Ginger Beer with Hemp Extract
in the Pacific Northwest and its ready to drink Mule in Seattle
 WA.


    
    


Our
Primary Markets

We
target a smaller segment of the estimated $90 billion mainstream carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the U.S.
Canada
 and international markets. Our brands are generally considered premium and natural
 with upscale packaging. They are loosely
defined as the craft specialty bottled carbonated soft drink category.

We
have an experienced and geographically diverse sales force promoting our products
 with senior sales representatives strategically
placed in multiple regions across the country
 supported by local Reed&rsquo;s sales staff. Additionally
 we have sales managers
handling national accounts for natural
 specialty
 grocery
 mass
 club
 drug and convenience channels. Our sales managers are
responsible for all activities related to the sales
 distribution
 and marketing of our brands to our entire retail partner and
distributor network in North America. The Company not only employs an internal sales force
 but has partnered with independent
sales brokers and outside representatives to promote our products in specific channels and key targeted accounts.

We
sell to well-known popular natural food and gourmet retailers
 large grocery store chains
 mass merchants
 club stores
 convenience
and drug stores
 liquor stores
 industrial cafeterias (corporate feeders)
 and to on-premise bars and restaurants nationwide and
in some international markets. We also sell our products and promotional merchandise directly to consumers via the Internet through
our Amazon storefront which can be accessed through our company web site www.drinkreeds.com.

Some
of our representative key customers include:




    
    
Natural
    stores
 Natural Grocers
 Earth Fare
 Fresh Thyme Farmers Market

    
    
    

    
    
Gourmet
    &amp; Specialty stores
 Bristol Farms
 Lazy Acres
 The Fresh Market
 Central Market

    
    
    

    
    
Grocery
    and Mass chains
 Safeway
 Albertson&rsquo;s
 Publix
 Food Lion
 Stop &amp; Shop
 H.E.B.
    Wegmans
 Target

    
    
    

    
    
Club
    stores

    
    
    

    
    
Liquor
    stores
 Total Wine &amp; More
 Spec&rsquo;s

    
    
    

    
    
Convenience
    &amp; Drug stores
 Rite Aid
 CVS Health


Our
Distribution Network

Our
products are brought to market through an extremely flexible and fluid hybrid distribution model
 which is a mix of direct-store-delivery
customer warehouse
 and distributor networks. The distribution system used depends on customer needs
 product characteristics
and local trade practices.

Our
product reaches the market in the following ways:

Direct
to Natural &amp; Specialty Wholesale Distributors

Our
natural and specialty distributor partners operate a distribution network delivering thousands of SKUs of natural and gourmet
products to thousands of small
 independent
 natural retail outlets around the U.S.
 along with national chain customers
 both
conventional and natural. This system of distribution allows our brands far reaching access to some of the most remote parts of
North America.

Direct
to Store Distribution (&ldquo;DSD&rdquo;) Through Alcoholic and Non-Alcoholic Beverage Distributor Network

Our
independent distributor partners operate DSD systems which deliver primarily beverages
 foods
 and snacks directly to retail stores
where the products are merchandised by their route sales and field sales employees. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum
visibility and appeal. DSD is especially well-suited to products frequently restocked and responds to in-store promotion and merchandising.


    
    


Direct
to Store Warehouse Distribution

Some
of our products are delivered from our co-packers and warehouses directly to customer warehouses. Some retailers mandate we deliver
directly to them
 as it is more cost effective and allows them to pass savings along to their customers. Other retailers may not
mandate direct delivery
 but they recommend and prefer it as they have the capability to self-distribute and can realize significant
savings with direct delivery.

Wholesale
Distribution

Our
Wholesale Distributor network handles the wholesale shipments of our products. These distributors have a warehouse and distribution
center
 and ship Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s products directly to the retailer (or to customers who opt for drop shipping).

International
Distribution

We
presently export Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s brands throughout international markets via US based exporters. Some markets
where you&rsquo;ll find our brands at present are: France
 UK
 South Africa
 portions of the Caribbean
 Canada
 Spain
 Philippines
Israel and Australia. In the UK
 our Virgil&rsquo;s brands can be found at Pizza Hut and Tesco.

International
sales to some areas of the world are cost prohibitive
 except for some specialty sales
 since our premium sodas were historically
packed in glass
 which drives substantial freight costs when shipping overseas. Despite these cost challenges
 we believe there
are good opportunities to expand internationally and we are increasing our marketing focus on these areas by adding freight friendly
packages such as aluminum cans. We are open to exporting and co-packing internationally and expanding our brands into foreign
markets
 and we have held preliminary discussions with trading companies and import/export companies for the distribution of our
products throughout Asia
 Europe
 Australia
 and South America. We believe these areas are a natural fit for Reed&rsquo;s ginger
products because of the popularity and importance of ginger in international markets
 especially the Asian market
 where ginger
is a significant part of the local diet and nutrition.

We
believe the strength of our brands
 innovation
 and marketing
 coupled with the quality of our products and flexibility of our
distribution network
 allows us to compete effectively.

Distribution
Agreements

We
have entered into agreements with some of our distributors that commit us to &ldquo;termination fees&rdquo; if we terminate our
agreements early or without cause. These agreements provide for our customer to have the right to distribute our products to a
defined type of retailer within a defined geographic region. As is customary in the beverage industry
 if we should terminate
the agreement or not automatically renew the agreement
 we would be obligated to make certain payments to our customers. We constantly
review our distribution agreements with our partners across North America.

Some
of our outside distributors are not bound by written agreements with us and may discontinue their relationship with us on short
notice. Most distributors handle a number of competitive products. In addition
 our products are a small part of our distributors&rsquo;
businesses.



Nonalcoholic
Beverages

The
nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive
 consisting of numerous companies ranging
from small or emerging to very large and well established. The principal areas of competition include pricing
 packaging
 development
of new products and flavors
 and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively
large number of manufacturers. Many of these brands have enjoyed broad
 well-established national recognition for years
 through
well-funded ad and other branding campaigns. Competitors in the ginger beer category include Goslings
 Fever Tree
 Bundaberg
Cock &lsquo;n Bull and Q Tonic; in the craft soda category we compete with brands such as Stewart&rsquo;s
 IBC
 Zevia
 Blue Sky
Hansen&rsquo;s
 Henry Weinhard&rsquo;s
 Boylan
 and Jones Soda.


    
    


Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
rapid and effective development of new
 unique cutting-edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising
and pricing. We also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing our products over those of our competitors
 provide
stable and reliable distribution
 and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the soft drink category
could also cause our products to be unable to gain or even lose market share
 or we could experience price erosion.

Despite
our products having a relatively high price for a craft premium beverage product
 minimal mass media advertising to date
 and
a small but growing presence in the mainstream market compared to many of our competitors
 we believe our all-natural innovative
beverage recipes
 packaging
 use of premium ingredients
 and a proprietary ginger processing formula provide us with a competitive
advantage. Our commitments to the highest quality standards and brand innovation are keys to our success.

Alcoholic
Beverages

Our
ready to drink Mule test pilot is in its early stages. Many companies have already entered
 and others are beginning to enter
the ready to drink alcoholic beverage space. Competition for market share and acceptance of new products will be significant.

CBD
Space

Our
Wellness Ginger Beer with Hemp Extract test pilot is in its early stages. Cannabidiol (&ldquo;CBD&rdquo;) is a naturally occurring


will be significant.

Manufacturing
Our Products

In
2017
 our new executive management team performed a complete operational review and developed a detailed action plan to capture
performance improvements
 drive core brand growth
 and become a premier asset-light sales and marketing organization. In keeping
with this plan
 in December of 2018 we sold our manufacturing and bottling facility in Los Angeles to California Custom Beverage
LLC (&ldquo;CCB&rdquo;)
 an entity owned by Christopher J. Reed
 the Company&rsquo;s founder
 director and Chief Innovation Officer.
The transaction enables us to focus more on sales
 marketing and product innovation.

Now
100% of Reed&rsquo;s product is produced by our co-pack partners
 which assemble our products and charge us a fee
 generally by
the case
 for the products produced. We have long standing relationships with co-packers in Indiana and Pennsylvania. Additionally
in conjunction with the sale of our plant
 we entered into a three-year co-packing agreement with CCB
 whereby CCB will produce
Reed&rsquo;s Inc. beverages in glass bottles at prevailing West Coast market rates. During the first quarter of 2019
 we also
entered into a one-year co-packing agreement with Sonoma Beverage Company
 also on the West Coast. We are in discussion and negotiation
with additional co-packers to secure added capability for future production needs. We periodically review our co-packing relationships
to ensure that they are optimal with respect to quality of production
 cost and location.

Raw
Materials



Substantially
all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by Reed&rsquo;s or by our
contract packers in accordance with our specifications.

Generally
the raw materials used in our products are obtained from domestic and foreign suppliers and many of the materials have multiple
reliable suppliers. This provides a level of protection against a major supply constriction or adverse cost or supply impacts.
Since our raw materials are common ingredients and supply is easily accessible
 we have few long-term contracts in place with
our suppliers.


    
    


A
significant component of our product cost is the purchase of glass bottles and aluminum cans. In December 2017
 we entered into
an exclusive strategic partnership with Owens-Illinois (glass)
 and in February 2018 we entered into a strategic partnership with
Crown for aluminum cans. Both suppliers provide expertise in emerging package and material innovation that can be leveraged to
further expand marketing and package offerings.



CBD
extracts are derived from cannabis/industrial hemp plants. CBD may be legally produced in states which have laws and regulations
that qualify under 7 US Code &sect;5940 for implementation of &ldquo;agricultural pilot programs to study the growth
 cultivation
or marketing of industrial hemp&rdquo;
 apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana
which remains illegal under federal law. In addition
 Federal licensing for farmers wishing to grow hemp in states that don&rsquo;t

2018.



As
part of our ongoing initiative to simplify and streamline operations
 we have identified approximately thirty-five core products
on which to place our strategic focus. These core products consist of Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s branded beverages
 which
accounted for approximately 83% of sales in 2018. Product innovation within these two major lines remains a top priority.

Discontinued
products consist primarily of certain discontinued Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s SKU&rsquo;s
 certain Reed&rsquo;s candy SKU&rsquo;s
Reed&rsquo;s Kombucha
 Reed&rsquo;s Energy
 and China Cola. In conjunction with the December 2018 plant sale
 we transferred all
rights and contracts pertaining to our private-label business to CCB.

Warehousing
and Distribution

Warehousing
and Logistics are a significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s operational costs. In order to drive efficiency and reduce costs
on February 1
 2019 we entered into a strategic partnership with Veritiv Logistics Solutions to manage all freight movement for
the Company. Veritiv is one of the largest distribution service providers in North America and has expertise that will provide
a competitive advantage in the movement of raw materials and finished goods. This partnership will support planning and execution
of all inventory movement
 assessment of storage needs and cost management.

We
follow a &ldquo;fill as needed&rdquo; model to the best of our ability and have no significant order backlog.

New
Product Development

While
we have simplified our business and have streamlined a significant number of SKUs in order to further our primary objective of
accelerating the growth of the Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s core product offerings
 we believe significant opportunity remains
in the all-natural beverage space. Healthier alternatives will be the future for carbonated soft drinks. We will continue to drive
product development in the all-natural
 no and low sugar offerings in the &ldquo;better for you&rdquo; beverage categories. In
addition
 we believe there are powerful consumer trends that will help propel the growth of our brand portfolio including the
increased consumption of ginger as a recognized superfood
 the growing use of ginger beer in today&rsquo;s popular cocktail drinks
and consumers&rsquo; increased demand for higher quality
 all-natural handcrafted beverages.

Chris
Reed
 the Company&rsquo;s founder and Chief Innovation Officer
 continues to support our new product development efforts in 2019.
Mr. Reed possesses thirty years of product development and innovation experience. Recent innovations include our compelling line
of full flavor
 all-natural
 zero sugar
 zero calorie sodas. Reed&rsquo;s has also begun to expand and broaden its product development
capabilities by engaging and working with larger
 experienced beverage flavor houses and innovative ingredient research and supply
companies.



    
    


We
believe our new business model enhances our ability to be nimble and innovative
 producing category leading new products in a
short period of time



Sales
of our nonalcoholic beverages are somewhat seasonal with a higher than average volume in the warmer months. The volume of sales
in the beverage business may be affected by weather conditions.

Proprietary
Rights

We
own copyrights
 trademarks and trade secrets relating to our products and the processes for their production; the packages used
for our products; and the design and operation of various processes and equipment used in our business. Some of our proprietary
rights are licensed to our co-packers and suppliers and other parties. Reed&rsquo;s ginger processing and brewing process
 finished
beverage products and concentrate formulas are among its most valuable trade secrets.

We
own trademarks in the United States that we consider material to our business. Trademarks in the United States are valid as long
as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Pursuant to our manufacturing and bottling agreements
we authorize our bottlers to use applicable Reed&rsquo;s trademarks in connection with their manufacture
 sale and distribution
of our products. We intend to obtain trademarks in international markets as may become necessary.

We
use confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with employees
 manufacturers and distributors to protect our proprietary rights.
Mr. Reed is also subject to an intellectual property agreement with Reed&rsquo;s restricting competition consistent with his fiduciary
obligations to Reed&rsquo;s.





The
production
 distribution and sale in the United States of many of our products are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic
Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 competition laws
 federal
 state and local
workplace health and safety laws
 various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws
 and various other federal
 state
and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients
of such products. Outside the United States
 the distribution and sale of our many products and related operations are also subject
to numerous similar and other statutes and regulations.

A
California law known as Proposition 65 requires a specific warning to appear on any product containing a component listed by the
state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds
other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide
warnings on their products in California because it does not provide for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below
which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning requirement. Consequently
 the detection of even a trace amount
of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However
 Proposition 65 does not
require a warning if the manufacturer of a product can demonstrate that the use of that product exposes consumers to a daily quantity
of a listed substance that is:



    
    
below
    a &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; threshold that may be established;

    
    
naturally
    occurring;

    
    
the
    result of necessary cooking; or

    
    
subject
    to another applicable exemption.



    
    


No
Company beverages produced for sale in California are currently required to display warnings under this law. We are unable to
predict whether a component found in a Company product might be added to the California list in the future
 although the state
has initiated a regulatory process in which caffeine and other natural occurring substances will be evaluated for listing. Furthermore
we are also unable to predict when or whether the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology may become applicable under
this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 might result in the detection of an infinitesimal
quantity of a listed substance in a beverage of ours produced for sale in California.

Bottlers
of our beverage products presently offer and use non-refillable
 recyclable containers in the United States. Some of these bottlers
also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements apply in various jurisdictions in the
United States and overseas requiring deposits or certain taxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable
beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other types of beverage container-related deposit
recycling
 tax and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and
overseas. We anticipate additional
 similar legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at local
 state and federal
levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

All
of our facilities and other operations in the United States are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such
legal requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position.

CBD
Space

The
move toward ending hemp prohibition and the reemergence of a hemp economy began with the 2014 Farm Bill
 which provided states
with opportunities to create pilot programs for hemp research. The Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 (&ldquo;2018 Bill&rdquo;)
was signed into law at the end of December 2018 and expands on the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2018 Bill removes &ldquo;hemp&rdquo; from
the definition of &ldquo;Marihuana&rdquo; in the Controlled Substances Act
 decriminalizes the plant and its components
 and as
a result
 transfers oversight of the cultivation and sale of the crop from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department
of Agriculture. The net result of the 2018 Bill&rsquo;s passage is that farmers and entrepreneurs gain several significant benefits
in addition to ending the uncertainty of criminal exposure for growing
 processing or selling hemp:



    
    
Federal
    licensing for farmers wishing to grow hemp in states that don&rsquo;t have a pilot program

    
    
Clarification
    that interstate commerce in hemp is permitted

    
    
Placing
    oversight of hemp with the USDA
 and

    
    
Including
    hemp in the Federal Crop Insurance Act.


These
provisions will go a long way toward helping the industry by clarifying existing gray areas of law
 creating certainty around
transport and interstate sale
 and normalizing hemp as an industrial crop. However
 there can be no assurance that Federal laws
ending hemp prohibition will not be modified or repealed.

Environmental
Matters

Our
primary cost pertaining to environmental compliance activity is in recycling fees and redemption values. We are required to collect
redemption values from our customers and remit those redemption values to the state
 based upon the number of bottles or cans
of certain products sold in the state.

Our
Employees

As
of December 31
 2018
 we have 50 full-time equivalent employees on our corporate staff. As a result of our Plant Sale (see
Note 3 of the Notes to Financial Statements)
 our Production and Logistics departments were reduced by 24 full-time equivalents
in January 2019.


    
    


We
employ additional people on a part-time basis as needed. We have never participated in a collective bargaining agreement. We believe
relations with our employees are good.

Available
Information

We
are required to file annual
 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements
 and other information with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet site containing reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other
information regarding issuers filing electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and amendments to those
documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (Exchange Act)
are also available free of charge on our Internet site at http://investor.reedsinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after
such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 information that you may find on our website is not part of this report.

Investors
should note we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC
 press releases
public conference calls
 webcasts or our corporate website (investor.reedsinc.com)
 including news and announcements regarding
our financial performance
 key personnel
 our brands
 and our business strategy. Information we post on our corporate website
could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors
 the media
 our customers
 consumers
 business partners
 and others
interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. We may from time to time update the list of channels we
will use to communicate information deemed material and will post information about any such change on investor.reedsinc.com.
The information on our website is not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other
filings with the SEC.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Investors
should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports
on Form 8-K we file after the date of this Annual Report. Each of the risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business
operating results
 financial condition and prospects
 as well as the value of an investment in our securities
 and the occurrence
of any of these risks might cause an investor to lose all or part of his or her investment. All forward-looking statements in
this document are based on information available to us as of the date hereof
 and we assume no obligations to update any such
forward-looking statements.

Risks
Relating to Our Business

We
have a history of operating losses.

For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a net loss of $10
325
000 and used cash in operations of $9
258
000. As
of December 31
 2018
 we had a cash balance of $624
000
 a stockholder&rsquo;s deficit of $6
743
000 and a working capital shortfall
of $3
297
000
 compared to a cash balance of $12
127
000
 stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $508
000 and working capital of $2
303
000
at December 31
 2017.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company experienced significant financing shortages and engaged in three separate transactions
to raise capital. Recently
 the Company received net proceeds of $14
905
602 from an underwritten offering of common stock in
February 2019. Proceeds from the offering are expected to provide capital to fund the growth of our business
 new products
 sales
and marketing efforts
 working capital
 and for general corporate purposes through 2020. The amounts and timing of our actual
expenditures will depend on numerous factors
 including the progress of opening new retail outlets
 our product development and
marketing pull efforts and market acceptance of our core and new products and packages.


    
    


If
we continue to suffer losses from operations
 our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business
operations as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce
our level of operations
 including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
 sales and marketing programs
 personnel and other operating
expenses. These events could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are
not available or if they are not available on acceptable terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
 take advantage
of opportunities
 develop products or services or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
 could be significantly limited.

We
may need additional financing in the future
 which may not be available when needed or may be costly and dilutive.

We
may require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including
our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing.
Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully
execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external
financing in the future. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support
our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these
alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders.
Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may
include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 and other strategic alternatives; however
these options may not ultimately be available or feasible.

Our
indebtedness and liquidity needs could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions.

Our
existing indebtedness may adversely affect our operations and limit our growth
 and we may have difficulty making debt service
payments on such indebtedness as payments become due. We may also experience the occurrence of events of default or breach of
financial covenants. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate
 our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired.
If we violate any of the restrictions or covenants
 a significant portion of our indebtedness may become immediately due and payable
our lenders&rsquo; commitment to make further loans to us may terminate. We might not have
 or be able to obtain
 sufficient funds
to make these accelerated payments.

Our
secured credit facility with Rosenthal and Rosenthal
 Inc. contains financial covenants that
 if breached
 could trigger default.

Pursuant
to our Financing Agreement with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal
 Inc. (&ldquo;Rosenthal&rdquo;) dated October 4
 2018 for our secured
credit facility
 we are required to maintain at the end of each of our fiscal quarters
 tangible net worth in an amount not less
than negative $1
500
000 and working capital of not less than negative $2
500
000. We did not meet these requirements for the
fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2018
 and Rosenthal waived compliance with these covenants for this period for a $5
000
fee. Any breach that is not waived by Rosenthal could trigger default. Reed&rsquo;s does not expect to have any difficulty meeting
the requirements of these financial covenants in the near future
 given the proceeds received from the Company&rsquo;s recent
financing transaction.

Disruption
within our supply chain
 contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

Our
ability
 through our suppliers
 business partners
 contract manufacturers
 independent distributors and retailers
 to produce
transport
 distribute and sell products is critical to our success.

Damage
or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
terrorism
 pandemics such as influenza
 labor strikes or other reasons
 could impair the manufacture
 distribution and sale of
our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the
likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our
business
 financial condition and results of operations.


    
    


Our
reliance on distributors
 retailers and brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our
products
 maintain our existing markets and expand our business into other geographic markets.

Our
ability to maintain and expand our existing markets for our products
 and to establish markets in new geographic distribution
areas
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers and
brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing
products and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance
of the distributors
 retailers and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform
their functions within the network by
 without limitation
 failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products
in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell
our products is affected by competition from other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that
our distributors
 retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing
and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Furthermore
 such third-parties&rsquo; financial position or market share may deteriorate
 which could
adversely affect our distribution
 marketing and sales activities.

Our
ability to maintain and expand our distribution network and attract additional distributors
 retailers and brokers will depend
on a number of factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors include:



    
    
the
    level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products; and

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors
 retailers and brokers.


We
may not be able to successfully manage all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution.
Our inability to achieve success with regards to any of these factors in a geographic Fdistribution area will have a material
adverse effect on our relationships in that particular geographic area
 thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market
which will likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.

We
incur significant time and expense in attracting and maintaining key distributors.

Our
marketing and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and performance of our independent distributors. We currently
do not have
 nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments from some
of our distributors. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful
relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the additional possibility that we may
have to incur additional expenditures to attract and maintain key distributors in one or more of our geographic distribution areas
in order to profitably exploit our geographic markets.

If
we lose any of our key distributors or national retail accounts
 our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We
depend in large part on distributors to distribute our beverages and other products. Some of our outside distributors are not
bound by written agreements with us and may discontinue their relationship with us on short notice. Some distributors handle a
number of competitive products. In addition
 our products are a small part of our distributors&rsquo; businesses.


    
    


We
continually seek to expand distribution of our products by entering into distribution arrangements with regional bottlers or other
direct store delivery distributors having established sales
 marketing and distribution organizations. Many of our distributors
are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other soda and non-carbonated brands and other beverage products. In many
cases
 such products compete directly with our products.

The
marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing
distributors and/or if we fail to attract additional distributors
 and/or our distributors do not market and promote our products
above the products of our competitors
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

It
is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales because our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with
us.

Our
independent distributors and national accounts are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. In
order to reduce their inventory costs
 independent distributors typically order products from us on a &ldquo;just in time&rdquo;
basis in quantities and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly
 we
cannot predict the timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will
continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally
 our
larger distributors and partners may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in
inventory levels
 supply of raw materials or other key supplies could negatively affect us.

If
we do not adequately manage our inventory levels
 our operating results could be adversely affected.

We
need to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. Our inventory supply
depends on our ability to correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
particularly for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or
are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If
we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage
costs
 increased trade spending and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would
unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products
held by our distributors and retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products
 which would also unfavorably
impact our sales and adversely affect our operating results.

Our
dependence on independent contract manufacturers could make management of our manufacturing and distribution efforts inefficient
or unprofitable.

We
are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements
 which is customary
in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the
particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located
 we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers
to use. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing
arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
we may produce more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential
risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory
levels may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a material
adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those distributors and key accounts.

Increases
in costs of packaging
 ingredients and contract manufacturing tolling fees may have an adverse impact on our gross margin.

Over
the past few years
 costs of organic and natural ingredients have increased due to increased demand and required the Company to
obtain these ingredients from a wider population of qualified vendors. Packaging costs such as paper and aluminum cans have experienced
industry wide price increases in the past and there is always the risk that the company&rsquo;s co-packers increase their toll
rates based on increases in their fixed and variable costs. If the Company is unable to pass on these costs
 the gross margin
will be significantly impacted.


    
    


Increased
market spending may not drive volume growth

The
Company&rsquo;s marketing efforts in the past have been limited. The current increase in marketing spending may not generate an
increase in sales volume resulting in a net decrease in gross revenue.

Increases
in costs of energy and freight may have an adverse impact on our gross and operating margins.

Over
the past few years
 volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices
 which many shipping companies have
passed on to their customers by way of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges. With recent declines in fuel prices
some companies have been slow to pass on decreases in their fuel surcharges. If fuel prices increase again
 we expect to experience
higher shipping rates and fuel surcharges
 as well as energy surcharges on our raw materials. It is hard to predict what will
happen in the fuel markets in 2019. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on
to our customers.

If
we are unable to attract and retain key personnel our efficiency and operations would be adversely affected.

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such areas as sales
 marketing
 product development
supply chain
 finance and accounting. In general
 we compete to hire new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop
their skills and competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition
for employees
 higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly involving our
key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations
 financial condition and employee morale.

If
we fail to protect our trademarks and trade secrets
 we may be unable to successfully market our products and compete effectively.

We
rely on a combination of trademark and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely
affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We
regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets
 to be of considerable value and importance to
our business and our success
 and we actively pursue the registration of our trademarks in the United States and internationally.
However
 the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights may not be adequate and may not prevent third parties from
infringing or misappropriating our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 other parties may seek
to assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any
such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of
infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands
 profitably exploit
our products or recoup our associated research and development costs.

Litigation
or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.

We
may become party to litigation claims and legal proceedings. Litigation involves significant risks
 uncertainties and costs
 including
distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to
assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments
and estimates
 we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments
and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management
judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our
policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable
to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 our policies and
procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct
by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or
criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines
 as well as disgorgement of profits.


    
    


We
are subject to risks inherent in sales of products in international markets.

Our
operations outside of the United States contribute to our revenue and profitability
 and we believe that developing and emerging
markets present important future growth opportunities for us. However
 there can be no assurance that existing or new products
that we manufacture
 distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market
 due to local or global
competition
 product price
 cultural differences
 consumer preferences or otherwise. Here are many factors that could adversely
affect demand for our products in foreign markets
 including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets;
volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets; changes in economic
 political or social conditions
 imposition
of new or increased labeling
 product or production requirements
 or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export
of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency
 devaluation or fluctuation; increased
costs of doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively
operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets
 our business
 financial condition or results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters
could significantly affect our financial results.

The
United States generally accepted accounting principles and related pronouncements
 implementation guidelines and interpretations
with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business
 such as
 but not limited to
 stock-based compensation
trade spend and promotions
 and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments
by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions
 estimates or judgments
by our management could significantly change our reported results.

If
we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
 our stock
price and investor confidence could be materially and adversely affected.

We
are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting that are effective.
Because of their inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
 can only
provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other
inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their
goals under all potential future conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could
result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results
 which could also negatively impact our stock price
and investor confidence.

If
we are unable to build and sustain proper information technology infrastructure
 our business could suffer.

We
depend on information technology as an enabler to improve the effectiveness of our operations and to interface with our customers
as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary
to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure
 we could be subject to transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
the loss of customers
 business disruptions
 or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breaches.

We
could be subject to cybersecurity attacks.

Cybersecurity
attacks are evolving and include malicious software
 attempts to gain unauthorized access to data
 and other electronic security
breaches that could lead to disruptions in business processes
 unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information
and corruption of data. Such unauthorized access could subject us to operational interruption
 damage to our brand image and private
data exposure
 and harm our business.


    
    


We
must maintain our stockholders&rsquo; equity at no less than $6 million to meet continued listing standards of the NYSE American
or meet the $50
000
000 market capitalization exception. 

As
of December 31
 2018
 we had a stockholder&rsquo;s deficit of $6
743
000 compared to stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $508
000 at
December 31
 2017.

On
February 15
 2019
 we entered into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of our common stock
 for which we received
net proceeds of $14
905
602. See Note 17 of the Notes to Financial Statements for additional information. Giving pro forma effect
to the offering as of December 31
 2018
 stockholders&rsquo; equity would have been $8
163
000 and working capital would have
been $11
609
000 on that date.

A
delisting of our common stock and our inability to list the stock on another national securities exchange could negatively impact
us by: (i) reducing the liquidity and market price of our common stock; (ii) reducing the number of investors willing to hold
or acquire our common stock
 which could negatively impact our ability to raise equity financing; (iii) limiting our ability to
use a registration statement to offer and sell freely tradable securities
 thereby preventing us from accessing the public capital
markets; and (iv) impairing our ability to provide equity incentives to our employees. While a delisting of our common stock would
not constitute a specific event of default under the documents governing our senior credit facilities
 our lenders could claim
that a delisting would trigger a default under the material adverse change covenant or the cross-default provisions under such
documents.


Risks
Factors Relating to Our Industry

The
current aluminum can shortage could harm our ability to meet consumer demand.

As
a craft beverage company
 we do not meet volume requirements to have a contract in place with our aluminum can supplier. Craft
beverage companies such as us are facing an aluminum can shortage for certain sizes. While standard 12 ounce can supply is not
in short supply
 we will continue to see supply issues with non-standard cans such as slim cans in 8
 10
 and 12 ounces. This
aluminum can shortage could harm our ability to timely produce enough product to meet consumer demand.

We
may experience a reduced demand for some of our products due to health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives
against sweetened beverages.

Consumers
are concerned about health and wellness; public health officials and government officials are increasingly vocal about obesity
and its consequences. There has been a trend among some public health advocates and dietary guidelines to recommend a reduction
in sweetened beverages
 as well as increased public scrutiny
 potential new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages
 and additional
governmental regulations concerning the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory
requirements
 whether labeling
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. Further
 increasing public concern with respect to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages and
increase desire for more low-calorie soft drinks
 water
 enhanced water
 coffee-flavored beverages
 tea
 and beverages with natural
sweeteners. We are continuously working to launch new products that round out our diversified portfolio.

Legislative
or regulatory changes that affect our products could reduce demand for products or increase our costs.

Taxes
imposed on the sale of certain of our products by federal
 state and local governments in the United States
 Canada or other countries
in which we operate could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States
have implemented or are considering implementing taxes on the sale of certain &ldquo;sugared&rdquo; beverages
 including non-diet
soft drinks
 fruit drinks
 teas and flavored waters to help fund various initiatives. These taxes could materially affect our
business and financial results.


    
    



Additional
taxes levied on us could harm our financial results.

Recent
legislative proposals to reform U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings could have a material adverse effect on our financial results
by subjecting a significant portion of our non-U.S. earnings to incremental U.S. taxation and/or by delaying or permanently deferring
certain deductions otherwise allowed in calculating our U.S. tax liabilities.

We
compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success.

Our
business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers.
In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors of our brands as beverage brands that have the
potential to provide incremental sales growth rather than reduce distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. Although we believe
that we have been relatively successful towards establishing our brands as recognizable brands in the all-natural &ldquo;better
for you&rdquo; beverage industry
 it may be too early in the product life cycle of these brands to determine whether our products
and brands will achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors
 retail customers and consumers.
We believe that the success of our brands will also be substantially dependent upon acceptance of our product name brands. Accordingly
any failure of our brands to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect
on our revenues and financial results.

Competition
from traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development
of our existing markets
 as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.

We
target a niche in the estimated $90 billion carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the US
 Canada and international
markets. Our brands are generally regarded as premium and natural
 with upscale packaging and are loosely defined as the artisanal
(craft)
 premium bottled carbonated soft drink category. The soft drink industry is highly fragmented
 and the craft soft
drink category consists of such competitors as IBC
 Stewart&rsquo;s
 Zevia
 Henry Weinhards
 Hansen&rsquo;s
 Izze
 Boylan and
Jones Soda
 to name a few. These brands have the advantage of being seen widely in the national market and being commonly known
for years through well-funded ad campaigns. Our products have a relatively high price for an artisanal premium beverage product
minimal mass media advertising to date and a small but growing presence in the mainstream market compared to some of our larger
competitors.

The
beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but also for
shelf space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our distributors
 all of which also distribute other beverage brands.
Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of which have substantially
greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources than ours. Some of these competitors are placing pressure on independent
distributors not to carry competitive sparkling brands such as ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and &ldquo;private
label&rdquo; soft drink suppliers.

Increased
competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded beverage products
 and competitive product and
pricing pressures could impact our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other competitive threats
we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and
financial targets. As a means of maintaining and expanding our distribution network
 we intend to introduce new
 innovative products
and packages. We may not be successful in doing this and other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term.
Competition
 particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse
effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market for our products.

We
compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception
 so our ability to continue
developing new products to satisfy our consumers&rsquo; changing preferences will determine our long-term success.

Failure
to introduce new products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet our consumers&rsquo; changing
preferences could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary
and consumers&rsquo; preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new
products to introduce to our consumers
 we may not succeed. Customer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste
such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns
 shifting consumer needs
 changes in consumer lifestyles
 increased
consumer information and competitive product and pricing pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the negative
publicity associated with these issues. If we do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in
customer preferences
 we may not be able to maintain and grow our brand image and our sales may be adversely affected.


    
    



Global
economic conditions may continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations.

The
beverage industry
 and particularly those companies selling premium beverages
 can be affected by macro-economic factors
 including
changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 unemployment levels and consumer spending patterns
 which together
may impact the willingness of consumers to purchase our products as they adjust their discretionary spending. Adverse economic
conditions may negatively impact the ability of our distributors to obtain the credit necessary to fund their working capital
needs
 which could negatively impact their ability or desire to continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies
and volumes as they have done in the past. If we experience adverse economic conditions in the future
 sales of our products could
be adversely affected
 collectability of accounts receivable may be compromised
 and we may face obsolescence issues with
our inventory
 any of which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.

If
we encounter product recalls or other product quality issues
 our business may suffer.

Product
quality issues
 real or imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish our image
and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition
 because of changing government regulations or implementation
thereof
 or allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific
markets. Product recalls could affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.

We
could be exposed to product liability claims.

Although
we have product liability and basic recall insurance
 insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all product liability
claims that may arise. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient
 a product liability claim would likely have
a material adverse effect upon our financial condition. In addition
 any product liability claim brought against us may materially
damage the reputation and brand image of our products and business.

Our
business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly.

The
production
 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and
regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or
future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with
any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations
are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we cannot anticipate whether changes
in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Significant
additional labeling or warning requirements may inhibit sales of affected products.

Various
jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements relating to the chemical content
or perceived adverse health consequences of certain of our products. These types of requirements
 if they become applicable to
one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations
 may inhibit sales of such products.
In California
 a law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having
been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a
warning is not required. If a component found in one of our products is added to the list
 or if the increasing sensitivity of
detection methodology that may become available under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may
be amended
 results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale
in California
 the resulting warning requirements or adverse publicity could affect our sales.


    
    


We
may not be able to develop successful new beverage products
 which are important to our growth.

An
important part of our strategy is to increase our sales through the development of new beverage products. We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to continue to develop
 market and distribute future beverage products that will enjoy market acceptance.
The failure to continue to develop new beverage products that gain market acceptance could have an adverse impact on our growth
and materially adversely affect our financial condition. We may have higher obsolescent product expense if new products fail to
perform as expected due to the need to write off excess inventory of the new products.

Our
results of operations may be impacted in various ways by the introduction of new products
 even if they are successful
 including
the following:




    
    
sales
    of new products could adversely impact sales of existing products;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may incur higher cost of goods sold and selling
 general and administrative expenses in the periods when we introduce new
    products due to increased costs associated with the introduction and marketing of new products
 most of which are expensed
    as incurred; and

    
    
    

    
    
when
    we introduce new platforms and package sizes
 we may experience increased freight and logistics costs as our co-packers adjust
    their facilities for the new products.


The
growth of our revenues is dependent on acceptance of our products by mainstream consumers.

We
have dedicated significant resources to introduce our products to the mainstream consumer. As such
 we have increased our sales
force and executed agreements with distributors who
 in turn
 distribute to mainstream consumers at grocery stores and other retailers.
If our products are not accepted by the mainstream consumer
 our business could suffer.

Our
failure to accurately estimate demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly
with new products
 and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate
demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 glass
cans
 cartons
 labels
 flavors or packing arrangements
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Furthermore
industry-wide shortages of certain juice concentrates and sweeteners have been and could
 from time to time in the future
 be
experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products and could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial results. We do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage this risk.



The
loss of our largest customers would substantially reduce revenues.

Our
customers are material to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers
 our business
could suffer.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company had two broker/distributors that accounted for approximately 24% and 17% of its
sales
 respectively; and during the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company had two broker/distributors that accounted for 23%
and 16% of its sales
 respectively. These two broker/distributors serve hundreds if not thousands of various retail chains and
end customers.

No
other customer exceeded 10% of sales for either period.



    
    


The
loss of our largest vendors would substantially reduce revenues.

Our
vendors are important to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing vendors
 our business
could suffer.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s two largest vendors accounted for 16% and 13% of its purchases
 respectively.
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company made 20% of its purchases from a single vendor.

At
December 31
 2018 and 2017
 accounts payable to the Company&rsquo;s largest vendor comprised 24% and 20% of our total accounts
payable
 respectively.

No
other account was more than 10% of the balance of accounts payable in either period.

The
loss of our third-party distributors could impair our operations and substantially reduce our financial results.

We
depend in large part on distributors to distribute our beverages and other products. Some of our outside distributors are not
bound by written agreements with the Company and may discontinue their relationship with us on short notice. Some distributors
handle a number of competitive products. In addition
 our products are a small part of our distributors&rsquo; businesses.

We
continually seek to expand distribution of our products by entering into distribution arrangements with regional bottlers or other
direct store delivery distributors having established sales
 marketing and distribution organizations. Many of our distributors
are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other soda and non-carbonated brands and other beverage products. In many
cases
 such products compete directly with our products.

The
marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing
distributors and/or if we fail to attract additional distributors
 and/or our distributors do not market and promote our products
above the products of our competitors
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Price
fluctuations in
 and unavailability of
 raw materials and packaging that we use could adversely affect us.

We
do not enter into hedging arrangements for raw materials. Although the prices of raw materials that we use have not increased
significantly in recent years
 our results of operations would be adversely affected if the price of these raw materials were
to rise and we were unable to pass these costs on to our customers.

We
depend upon an uninterrupted supply of the ingredients for our products
 a significant portion of which we obtain overseas
 principally
from Peru
 Brazil
 Fiji and Indonesia. We do not have agreements guaranteeing supply of our ingredients. Any decrease in the supply
of these ingredients or increase in the prices of these ingredients as a result of any adverse weather conditions
 pests
 crop
disease
 interruptions of shipment or political considerations
 among other reasons
 could substantially increase our costs and
adversely affect our financial performance.

We
also depend upon an uninterrupted supply of packaging materials
 such as glass
 cans and paper items. We obtain bottles both domestically
and internationally. Any decrease in supply of these materials or increase in the prices of the materials
 as a result of decreased
supply or increased demand
 could substantially increase our costs and adversely affect our financial performance.

The
loss of any of our co-packers could impair our operations and substantially reduce our financial results.

We
rely on third parties
 called co-packers in our industry
 to produce our beverages.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had utilized three separate US based co-packers for most its production
needs. Although there are other packers that could produce the Company&rsquo;s beverages
 a change in packers may cause a delay
in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


    
    


Our
co-packing arrangements with other companies are on a short-term basis and such co-packers may discontinue their relationship
with us on short notice. Our co-packing arrangements expose us to various risks
 including:





    
    
if
    any of those co-packers were to terminate our co-packing arrangement or have difficulties in producing beverages for us
 our
    ability to produce our beverages would be adversely affected until we were able to make alternative arrangements; and

    
    
    

    
    
our
    business reputation would be adversely affected if any of the co-packers were to produce inferior quality.




We
believe that we have substantially reduced this risk by reducing our reliance upon any single co-packer. While our relationships
with our existing co-packers are long-standing and beneficial
 for 2019 we have also entered into co-packing agreements with CCB
the purchaser of our Los Angeles plant
 and Sonoma Beverage Company
 on the west coast. We are in discussion and negotiation with
additional co-packers to ensure added capability for future production needs.

We
compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception
 so our ability to continue
to market our existing products and develop new products to satisfy our consumers&rsquo; changing preferences will determine our
long-term success.

Consumers
are seeking greater variety in their beverages. Our future success will depend
 in part
 upon our continued ability to develop
and introduce different and innovative beverages. In order to retain and expand our market share
 we must continue to develop
and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of quality and health
 although there can be
no assurance of our ability to do so. There is no assurance that consumers will continue to purchase our products in the future.
Additionally
 many of our products are considered premium products and to maintain market share during recessionary periods
 we
may have to reduce profit margins
 which would adversely affect our results of operations. In addition
 there is increasing awareness
and concern for the health consequences of obesity. This may reduce demand for our non-diet beverages
 which could affect our
profitability. Product lifecycles for some beverage brands and/or products and/or packages may be limited to a few years before
consumers&rsquo; preferences change. The beverages we currently market are in varying stages of their lifecycles and there can
be no assurance that such beverages will become or remain profitable for us. The beverage industry is subject to changing consumer
preferences and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. We may be unable to achieve
volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. We also may be unable to penetrate new markets. If our revenues decline
our business
 financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate because of the seasonality of our business.

Our
highest revenues occur during the summer and fall
 the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year. These seasonality issues
may cause our financial performance to fluctuate. In addition
 beverage sales can be adversely affected by sustained periods of
bad weather.

Our
manufacturing process is not patented.

None
of the manufacturing processes used in producing our products are subject to a patent or similar intellectual property protection.
Our only protection against a third party using our recipes and processes is confidentiality agreements with the companies that
produce our beverages and with our employees who have knowledge of such processes. If our competitors develop substantially equivalent
proprietary information or otherwise obtain access to our knowledge
 we will have greater difficulty in competing with them for
business
 and our market share could decline.

If
we are not able to retain the full-time services of our management team
 it will be more difficult for us to manage our operations
and our operating performance could suffer.

Our
business is dependent
 to a large extent
 upon the services of our management team. We do have a written employment agreement
with two of five members of our management team. In addition
 we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our management
team. Therefore
 in the event of the loss or unavailability of any member of the management team to us
 there can be no assurance
that we would be able to locate in a timely manner or employ qualified personnel to replace him or her. The loss of the services
of any member of our management team or our failure to attract and retain other key personnel over time would jeopardize our ability
to execute our business plan and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


    
    


The
price of our common stock may be volatile
 and a shareholder&rsquo;s investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in
value.

There
has been significant volatility in the volume and market price of our common stock
 and this volatility may continue in the future.
In addition
 factors such as quarterly variations in our operating results
 litigation involving us
 general trends relating to
the beverage industry
 actions by governmental agencies
 national economic and stock market considerations as well as other events
and circumstances beyond our control could have a significant impact on the future market price of our common stock and the relative
volatility of such market price.

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction
in our ability to raise capital. If we are unable to raise the funds required for all of our planned operations and key initiatives
we may be forced to allocate funds from other planned uses
 which may negatively impact our business and operations
 including
our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations.

Many
factors that are beyond our control may significantly affect the market price of our shares. These factors include:



    
    
price
    and volume fluctuations in the stock markets;

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in our revenues and earnings or other variations in operating results;

    
    
    

    
    
any
    shortfall in revenue or increase in losses from levels expected by us or securities analysts;

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in regulatory policies or law;

    
    
    

    
    
operating
    performance of companies comparable to us; and

    
    
    

    
    
general
    economic trends and other external factors.


Even
if an active market for our common stock is established
 stockholders may have to sell their shares at prices substantially lower
than the price they paid for them or might otherwise receive than if a broad public market existed.

There
has been a very limited public trading market for our securities and the market for our securities may continue to be limited
and be sporadic and highly volatile.

There
is currently a limited public market for our common stock. Holders of our common stock may
 therefore
 have difficulty selling
their shares
 should they decide to do so. In addition
 there can be no assurances that such markets will continue or that any
shares which may be purchased
 may be sold without incurring a loss. Any such market price of our shares may not necessarily bear
any relationship to our book value
 assets
 past operating results
 financial condition or any other established criteria of value
and may not be indicative of the market price for the shares in the future.

Future
financings could adversely affect common stock ownership interest and rights in comparison with those of other security holders.

Our
board of directors has the power to issue additional shares of common or preferred stock up to the amounts authorized in our certificate
of incorporation without stockholder approval
 subject to restrictive covenants contained in the Company&rsquo;s contracts. If
additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities
 the percentage ownership of our existing
stockholders will be reduced
 and these newly issued securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of
existing stockholders. If we issue any additional common stock or securities convertible into common stock
 such issuance will
reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of each other stockholder. In addition
 such stock issuances might result
in a reduction of the book value of our common stock. Any increase of the number of authorized shares of common stock or preferred
stock would require board and shareholder approval and subsequent amendment to our certificate of incorporation.


    
    


Alcohol
Risk Factors

Our
&ldquo;Ready to Drink Mule&rdquo; initiative is in its early stages and may not materialize or develop as planned due to business
and regulatory factors.

Our
ready to drink Mule test pilot is in its early stages
 and may not materialize or develop as planned due to a myriad of business
and regulatory factors. For example
 many companies have already entered
 and many new companies are beginning to enter
 the ready
to drink alcoholic beverage space and competition for market share and acceptance of new products we will be significant. Many
details concerning our planned launch remain under development and the pilot test may not be as successful as planned.

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
product innovations
 changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce
consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences away from ginger beer based
cocktails toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet
consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. The competitive
position of our brands could also be affected adversely by any failure to achieve consistent
 reliable quality in the product
or in service levels to customers.

We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.

We
compete based on product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences.
The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is
possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort
to price competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse
public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products.

Anti-alcohol
groups have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations
designed to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or
changes in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption
of alcohol and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue
growth
 causing a decline in our results of operations.

Class
action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.

Companies
in the beverage alcohol industry are
 from time to time
 exposed to class action or other litigation relating to alcohol advertising
product liability
 alcohol abuse problems or health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. It is also possible that governments
could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions
of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
could be named in litigation of this type.



    
    



Also
lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted
underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing
and promotions violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment
of the family funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar
lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend
against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our
business could be harmed significantly.


Regulatory
decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our
margins.

Our
business is subject to extensive regulation in all of the countries in which we operate. This may include regulations regarding
production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these
regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses
to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental
regulations applicable to our industry will not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations
are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to
increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism
and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or
limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current
or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or
even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm
our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our
products and reduce our sales and profit potential.

Also
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the
U.S.
 at both the federal and state government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import
and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly
harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to
lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol.

CBD/Hemp
Extract Risk Factors

Our
Wellness Ginger Beer with Hemp Extract initiative is in its early stages and may not materialize or develop as planned due to
business and regulatory factors.

Our
Wellness Ginger Beer with Hemp Extract test pilot is in its early stages
 and may not materialize or develop as planned
due a myriad of business and regulatory factors. For example
 many companies are entering the CBD space and competition for market
share and acceptance of new products will be significant. Many details concerning our planned launch remain under development
and the pilot test may not be as successful as planned.

Negative
press from having a hemp or cannabis-related line of business could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition
 and results of operations.

There
is a misconception that hemp and marijuana
 which both belong to the cannabis family
 are the same thing
 but industrial hemp
is roughly defined as a cannabis plant with not more than 0.3 percent THC content on a dry-weight basis. Any hemp oil or hemp
derivative we use will comport with this definition of less than 0.3% THC. Despite this
 we may still receive negative attention
from regulatory bodies
 the press
 business clients
 or partners
 grounded in these broad misconceptions
 and this in turn can
materially adversely affect our business.


    
    


Possible
yet unanticipated changes in federal law could cause our products which include cannabis/industrial hemp CBD extracts to be illegal
or could otherwise prohibit
 limit or restrict our business and products
 forcing us to abandon our business activities or reduce
our financial prospects.

The
move toward ending hemp prohibition and the reemergence of a hemp economy began with the 2014 Farm Bill
 which provided states
with opportunities to create pilot programs for hemp research. The Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 (&ldquo;2018 Bill&rdquo;)
was signed into law at the end of December 2018 and expands on the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2018 Bill removes &ldquo;hemp&rdquo; from
the definition of &ldquo;Marihuana&rdquo; in the Controlled Substances Act
 decriminalizes the plant and its components
 and as
a result
 transfers oversight of the cultivation and sale of the crop from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department
of Agriculture. The net result of the 2018 Bill&rsquo;s passage is that farmers and entrepreneurs gain several significant benefits
in addition to ending the uncertainty of criminal exposure for growing
 processing or selling hemp:



    
    
Federal
    licensing for farmers wishing to grow hemp in states that don&rsquo;t have a pilot program

    
    
    

    
    
Clarification
    that interstate commerce in hemp is permitted

    
    
    

    
    
Placing
    oversight of hemp with the USDA

    
    
    

    
    
Including
    hemp in the Federal Crop Insurance Act.


These
provisions will go a long way toward helping the industry by clarifying existing gray areas of law
 creating certainty around
transport and interstate sale
 and normalizing hemp as an industrial crop. However
 there can be no assurance that Federal laws
In
the event of either repeal of Federal regulations
 or of amendments thereto which are adverse to our business and products
 we
may be required to cease operations or restrict or limit our products or the distribution thereof
 which could be expected to
have adverse consequences to our business
 operations
 revenues and profitability.

Sources
of our key ingredient
 CBD extracts from cannabis/industrial hemp plants
 depend upon legality of cultivation
 processing
 marketing
and sales of products derived from those plants.

Our
key ingredient is broad spectrum CBD extracts derived from cannabis/industrial hemp plants. CBD may be legally produced in states
which have laws and regulations that qualify under 7 US Code &sect;5940 for implementation of &ldquo;agricultural pilot programs
to study the growth
 cultivation or marketing of industrial hemp&rdquo;
 apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical
and recreational cannabis or marijuana which remains illegal under federal law. In addition
 Federal licensing for farmers wishing
to grow hemp in states that don&rsquo;t have a pilot program is now available as a result of the 2018 Bill. If we were to be unsuccessful
in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients
 or if our raw ingredients were to become legally unavailable
 our business
and operations could be limited
 restricted or entirely prohibited
 which could be expected to have adverse consequences to our
business
 operations
 revenues and profitability.

We
may have difficulty accessing the service of banks which may make it difficult for us to operate.

Many
banks have not historically accepted deposits from and credit card processors will not clear transactions for businesses involved
with the broadly defined cannabis industry
 notwithstanding the legality of cannabis/industrial hemp derived products. While the
2018 Bill is expected to alleviate this hindrance
 we may still have difficulty finding a bank and credit card processor willing
to accept our business. The inability to open or maintain bank accounts or accept credit card payments from customers could be
expected to cause us difficulty processing transactions in the ordinary course of business
 including paying suppliers
 employees
and landlords
 which could have a significant negative effect on our operations and your investment in our common stock.



    
    

Risk
                                         Factors Related to Our Common Stock

If
we are not able to achieve our objectives for our business
 the value of an investment in our Company could be negatively affected.

In
order to be successful
 we believe that we must
 among other things:


increase
                                         the volume for our products



continue
                                         to find savings in our cost of goods (co-packer fees
 packaging and ingredients);



expand
                                         the number of co-packers for our core and innovation products;



continue
                                         to recruit and retain top talent;



drive
                                         increased awareness through our brand pull campaigns
 and trial and repeat purchase of
                                         our core brands;


drive
                                         increased SKU placement on shelf
 and open new outlets of retail distribution through
                                         our investment in sales resources
 partnerships and trade marketing support;


manage
                                         our operating expenses to sufficiently support operating activities and


avoid
                                         significant increases in variable costs relating to production
 marketing and distribution.

We
may not be able to meet these objectives
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have incurred
significant operating expenses in the past and may do so again in the future and
 as a result
 will need to increase revenues
in order to improve our results of operations. Our ability to increase sales volume will depend primarily on success in marketing
initiatives with industry brokers
 improving our distribution base with DSD companies
 introducing new no sugar brands
 and focusing
on the existing core brands in the market. Our ability to successfully enter new distribution areas and obtain national accounts
will
 in turn
 depend on various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 the continued demand
for our brands and products in target markets
 the ability to price our products at competitive levels
 the ability to establish
and maintain relationships with distributors in each geographic area of distribution and the ability in the future to create
develop and successfully introduce one or more new brands
 products
 and product extensions.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult
 limit attempts by our
stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in
our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that:




    
    
authorize
    our board of directors to issue
 without further action by the stockholders
 shares of undesignated preferred stock;

    
    
    

    
    
specify
    that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only upon the request of a majority of our board of directors or our
    Chief Executive Officer;

    
    
    

    
    
establish
    an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting
 including proposed nominations
    of persons for election to our board of directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
prohibit
    cumulative voting in the election of directors.



These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it
more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors
 which is responsible for appointing the members
of our management
 and may discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change of control of our Company that is in
the best interest of our minority stockholders. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt
 the existence of these provisions may
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts.


    
    



Furthermore
we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general
 Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a &ldquo;business combination&rdquo; with an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo; for
a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder
 unless the business combination
is approved in a prescribed manner. A &ldquo;business combination&rdquo; includes
 among other things
 a merger
 asset or stock
sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo;
is a person who
 together with affiliates and associates
 owns
 or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested
stockholder status
 15% or more of the corporation&rsquo;s voting stock. Under Section 203
 a business combination between a corporation
and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions:




    
    
before
    the stockholder became interested
 the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which
    resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

    
    
    

    
    
upon
    consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder
 the interested stockholder
    owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced
 excluding for
    purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding
 shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers
 and employee
    stock plans
 in some instances; or

    
    
    

    
    
at
    or after the time the stockholder became interested
 the business combination was approved by the board of directors of the
    corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
    of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.



The
existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
does not approve in advance. Section 203 may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for
the shares of Common Stock held by stockholders.

These
provisions of Delaware law and the Certificate of Incorporation could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile
takeovers and
 as a consequence
 they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing
changes in the Company&rsquo;s management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions
that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

Raptor/
Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&ldquo;Raptor)
 our largest shareholder
 holds approximately 9% of our outstanding common stock and beneficially
owns approximately 22% of our common stock and may greatly influence the outcome of all matters on which stockholders vote.

Because
Raptor holds approximately 9% of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 22% of our common stock
 it
may greatly influence the outcome of all matters on which stockholders vote. Daniel J. Doherty
 III
 a principal and shareholder
of Raptor also serves as a director of Reed&rsquo;s. Raptor is a secured creditor of Reed&rsquo;s and its interests may not always
coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. (Beneficial ownership is calculated pursuant to Section 13d-3
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and includes shares underlying derivative securities which may be exercised
or converted within 60 days.)

Collectively
members of our board of directors and our executive officers hold approximately 21% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding common
stock
 beneficially own approximately 33% of our common stock and may greatly influence the outcome of all matters on which stockholders
vote.

Collectively
members of our board of directors and our executive officers hold approximately 21% of our outstanding common stock and beneficially
own approximately 33% of our common stock. Of these percentages
 Daniel J. Doherty III
 a director of Reed&rsquo;s
 as principal
and shareholder of Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;) beneficially owns approximately 22% of our common stock.
Members of our board of directors and our executive officers may influence the outcome of certain matters on which stockholders
vote. (Beneficial ownership is calculated pursuant to Section 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and includes
shares underlying derivative securities which may be exercised or converted within 60 days.)


    
    



Raptor&rsquo;s
interests may not always coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. 

Raptor
is a secured creditor of Reed&rsquo;s
 holding a subordinated note with a principal balance of $3
400
000 and additional reserved
principal amount of $4
000
000 to cover the permitted over-advance under Rosenthal&rsquo;s $13
000
0000 credit facility. Raptor&rsquo;s
security interest is subordinate to Rosenthal&rsquo;s first priority security interest. The $4
000
000 permitted over-advance
is guaranteed by Daniel J. Doherty
 III and Daniel J. Doherty
 III 2002 Family Trust through the issuance of an irrevocable stand-by-letter
of credit in favor of Rosenthal
 in amount not less than $1
500
000. The permitted over-advance is secured by all of Reed&rsquo;s
intellectual property collateral. In the event of default under Reed&rsquo;s financing agreement with Rosenthal
 Raptor has a
put option to purchase the entire aggregate amount of the outstanding permitted over-advance of up to $4
000
000 at par plus accrued
interest (without regard to any prepayment penalty or premium) from Rosenthal
 prior to Rosenthal declaring a default under the
financing agreement. If Raptor exercises the option
 Rosenthal will release its first priority security interest on all intellectual
property collateral of the Company to Raptor and terminate the letter of credit. As such
 Raptor&rsquo;s interests may not always
coincide with the interests of other holders of Reed&rsquo;s common stock.

If
securities analysts or industry analysts downgrade our shares
 publish negative research or reports
 or do not publish reports
about our business
 our share price and trading volume could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish
about us
 our business and our industry. If one or more analysts adversely change their recommendation regarding our shares or
our competitors&rsquo; stock
 our share price would likely decline. If one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly
publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which in turn could cause our share price or trading
volume to decline. As a result
 the market price for our common stock may decline.

We
have the ability to issue additional shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval
which could cause your investment to be diluted.

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the Board of Directors to issue up to 70
000
000 shares of common stock and up to 500
000
shares of preferred stock. The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants or
options to purchase shares of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
 any
additional issuance of our common stock
 or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect of
diluting your investment
 and the new securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

Substantial
sales of our stock may impact the market price of our common stock.

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants
 could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock
or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced
and the price of our common stock may fall.

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 and investors may be unable to sell some or all of their shares at the price they would like
 or
at all
 and sales of large blocks of shares may depress the price of our common stock.

Our
common stock has historically been sporadically or &ldquo;thinly-traded
&rdquo; meaning that the number of persons interested
in purchasing shares of our common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence
there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent
 as
compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales
without an adverse effect on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. Investors may be unable to
sell their common stock at or above their purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses. Also
 as a consequence of this
lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the
price of shares of our common stock in either direction. The price of shares of our common stock could
 for example
 decline precipitously
in the event a large number of shares of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to
a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price.


    
    


We
do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future
 so our shareholders will not be able
to receive a return on their shares unless they sell their shares.

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and if
dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless we pay dividends
 our shareholders
will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell such shares.

Item
2. Property

Effective
September 1
 2018
 the Company leases 8
620 square feet of office space in Norwalk
 Connecticut
 which serves as our principal
executive offices. The lease is for a period of 6.5 years.

Through
December 31
 2018
 the Company leased a facility in Los Angeles of approximately 76
000 square feet
 which served as our principal
executive offices
 our West Coast brewery and bottling plant and our Southern California warehouse facility. On December 31
 2018
our lease on the facility was assumed by CCB as part of the Plant Sale. See Note 3 of the Notes to Financial Statements.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings

From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not
applicable.


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE American trading under the symbol &ldquo;REED&rdquo;.

On
December 13
 2018
 the shareholders of the Company approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock from
40 million to 70 million. As of December 31
 2018
 there were approximately 4
590 holders of record of the common stock (including
only non-objecting beneficial owners of record) and 25
729
456 outstanding shares of common stock.

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we issued 1
734 shares of common stock valued at $5
000 in payment of dividends on the Company&rsquo;s
Series A Convertible Preferred stock. These equity securities were not registered under the Securities Act.



    
    



Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

2007
Stock Option Plan
 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory and Stock Option Plan
 and the 2017 Incentive Compensation plan

On
October 8
 2007
 our board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock Option Plan for 1
500
000 shares and the plan was approved by our
stockholders on November 19
 2007. On December 30
 2015
 the 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory Stock Option Plan for 500
000 shares
was approved by our shareholders. Options issued and subsequently forfeited under the 2015 plan cannot be reissued. In 2017 the
2007 plan expired
 and no new options will be granted under the plan. On September 29
 2017
 the 2017 Compensation Plan
for 3
000
000 shares was approved by our shareholders. On December 13
 2018 our shareholders approved a 3
500
000 share increase
in the number of shares issuable under the 2017 Compensation Plan. Options issued and forfeited under the 2017 plan contain an
Evergreen provision and cannot be re-priced without shareholder approval.

The
plans permit the grant of options and stock awards to our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either
&ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &ldquo;non-qualified stock
options&rdquo;. The primary difference between &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; and &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo;
is that once an option is exercised
 the stock received under an &ldquo;incentive stock option&rdquo; has the potential of being
taxed at the more favorable long-term capital gains rate
 while stock received by exercising a &ldquo;non-qualified stock option&rdquo;
is taxed according to the ordinary income tax rate schedule.

The
plans are currently administered by the board of directors. The plan administrator has full and final authority to select the
individuals to receive options and to grant such options as well as a wide degree of flexibility in determining the terms and
conditions of options
 including vesting provisions.

The
exercise price of an option granted under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant of the option. The exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a person owning more than 10%
of the total combined voting power of the common stock must be at least 110% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant. Options may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the plan.
Incentive stock options granted to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting power of the common stock cannot be exercisable
for more than five years.

When
an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the underlying stock will be paid in cash
 except that the plan administrator may
permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise
price
 or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator.

If
an optionee ceases to be an employee
 director
 or consultant with us
 other than by reason of death
 disability or retirement
all vested options must be exercised within three months following such event. However
 if an optionee&rsquo;s employment or consulting
relationship with us terminates for cause
 or if a director of ours is removed for cause
 all unexercised options will terminate
immediately. If an optionee ceases to be an employee or director of
 or a consultant to us
 by reason of death
 disability
 or
retirement
 all vested options may be exercised within one year following such event or such shorter period as is otherwise provided
in the related agreement.

For
the 2015 plan
 when a stock option expires or is terminated before it is exercised
 the shares are canceled and cannot be reissued.
For the 2017 plan
 when a stock option expires or is terminated before it is exercised
 the shares are not replenished. The option
strike price cannot be re-priced without shareholder approval.

No
option can be granted under any plan after ten years following the earlier of the date the plan was adopted by the board of directors
or the date the plan was approved by our stockholders.

Equity
Compensation Plan 

The
following table provides information
 as of December 31
 2018
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under
compensation plans:




    
Number
    of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights
Number
    of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities 
    

Plan
    Category
    
    
Column
    (a)

    
    
    
    

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders
4
342
774
    
1
975
215

Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders
    
    
    

    
4
342
774
    
1
975
215



During
2019
 our independent directors will be issued restricted common stock valued at $30
000 pursuant to the 2017 plan
 in quarterly
installments.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 6.



    
    



Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain
forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including but not limited to those set forth under
&ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Amounts
presented in the discussion below are in thousands
 except share and per share amounts.

Results
of Operations 



Beginning
in June of 2017
 pursuant to our plan
 we successfully:


Optimized
                                         our business model through the sale of our manufacturing and bottling facility in Los
                                         Angeles. As a result
 we have been relieved of annual lease payments of approximately
                                         $420
 idle plant costs which aggregated $2
428 in 2018
 and the need for significant
                                         continuing capital expenditures;


negotiated
                                         new strategic co-packing partnerships on both coasts for both bottles and cans;


completed
                                         the relocation of our headquarters to Norwalk
 Connecticut and added upgraded leadership
                                         talent across all functions including sales
 marketing
 supply chain
 finance and accounting;


streamlined
                                         our portfolio to focus on the approximately thirty-five SKUs that together accounted
                                         for approximately 83% of 2018 gross revenue;


restructured
                                         our selling prices to offset several years of raw material price increases;


negotiated
                                         improved raw material vendor contracts;


entered
                                         into a new long-term glass supply agreement significantly improving gross margins;


enhanced
                                         our capital structure
 including entering into a new credit facility with Rosenthal &amp;
                                         Rosenthal that improved terms
 reduced debt-service requirements by approximately $1.5
                                         million on an annualized basis
 and increased flexibility to support Reed&rsquo;s future
                                         growth needs;


increased
                                         investment and expanded capabilities in sales and marketing
 including development of
                                         a marketing function; secured partnerships with new creative
 public relations and marketing
                                         support agencies;


established
                                         relationships with leading brokers across multiple channels of distribution to expand
                                         sales reach;


completed
                                         a refresh of both the Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s brands which included new package
                                         designs
 updated web sites and social media platforms
 and the development of consumer
                                         pull campaigns;


through
                                         innovation
 developed and announced new product launches: Zero Sugar offerings
 can packaging
                                         and channel-specific packages and


successfully
                                         launched Virgil&rsquo;s Zero Sugar in cans in five thousand retail outlets including
                                         Target and Kroger nationally
 which helped drive brand growth of more than 30% in the
                                         fourth quarter of 2018.


    
    



We
believe that we begin 2019 solidly positioned as an asset light Company
 with a significantly enhanced infrastructure capable
of driving accelerated growth well beyond the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Company now will be able to focus on driving growth
and building its brands
 with capital flexibility
 a reduced need for capital expenditures
 and an optimized operating model.

On
February 15
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common
stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the
offering
 net of the underwriting discount and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14.9 million. The proceeds will be used to
fund our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop and launch new products
 and for general working capital purposes.

Results
of Operations &ndash; Year Ended December 31
 2018

The
following table sets forth key statistics for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 in thousands:



    
Year
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    

Gross
    sales 
41
974
41
718
    

Less:
    Promotional and other allowances 
3
872
4
004
    

Net
    sales
38
102
37
714
    

    
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods produced 
24
996
27
780
    

As
    a percentage of:
    
    
    

Gross
    sales
    
    
    

Net
    sales
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity 
2
428
3
041
    

As
    a percentage of net sales
    
    
    

Gross
    profit
10
678
6
893
    

Gross
    profit margin as a percentage of net sales
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Delivery
    and handling
5
489
3
942
    

Selling
    and marketing
4
879
3
021
    

General
    and administrative
8
383
5
754
    

Impairment
    reserve
    
5
925
    

Gain
    on Plant Sale
    
    
    

Total
    Operating expenses
18
800
18
642
    

    
    
    
    

Loss
    from operations
(8
122
(11
749
    

    
    
    
    

Interest
    expense and other expense
(2
203
(6
624
    

    
    
    
    

Net
    loss to stockholders
(10
325
(18
373
    

    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average shares outstanding
25
357
566
14
775
828
    


(A)
Gross sales is used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance
 including sales performance
of particular products
 salesperson performance
 product growth or declines and overall Company performance. The use of gross
sales allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items
 which can mask certain performance issues.
We therefore believe that the presentation of gross sales provides a useful measure of our operating performance. Gross sales
is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net sales
 which is determined
in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of net sales. Additionally
gross sales may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies
 as gross sales has been defined by our
internal reporting practices. In addition
 gross sales may not be realized in the form of cash receipts as promotional payments
and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain customers.


    
    


(B)
Although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with GAAP and meet GAAP requirements
 the disclosure
thereof does not conform to GAAP presentation requirements. Additionally
 our definition of promotional and other allowances may
not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. Promotional and other allowances primarily include consideration
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors or retail customers including
 but not limited to the following: (i) reimbursements
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers
 including slotting
 shelf
space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (ii) the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of fees given to distributors
and/or directly to retailers for in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iii) the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of slotting
shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers; (iv) incentives given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors and/or
retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; and (v) discounted or free products. The presentation
of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination of net sales and the spending
levels incurred or correlated with such sales. Promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing
activities. The Company&rsquo;s promotional allowance programs with its numerous distributors and/or retailers are executed through
separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. These agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements
described above and are of varying durations
 ranging from one week to one year.

(C)
Cost of goods produced: Cost of goods produced consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture
of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 inventory adjustments
 as well as certain internal transfer
costs. Cost of goods produced is used internally by management to measure the direct costs of goods sold
 aside from unallocated
plant costs. Cost of goods produced is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative
to cost of goods sold
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating
performance in place of cost of goods sold.

(D)
Cost of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity: Cost of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to our finished goods in production. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the
period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Our charges for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined
on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs incurred. Cost goods sold &ndash; idle capacity is not a measure
that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cost of goods sold
 which is determined in accordance
with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of cost of goods sold.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Per
    Case
    
    
Per
    Case
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
vs
    PY
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
vs
    PY
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
072
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Core
    
    
1
848
    
    
    
1
794
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non
    Core
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
172
    
    
    
2
237
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
746
    
    
    
32
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non
    Core
    
    
6
001
    
    
    
8
062
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
227
    
    
    
1
496
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
41
974
    
    
    
41
718
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
872
    
    
    
(4
004
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(19
754
    
    
    
(20
716
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non
    Core
    
    
(4
477
    
    
    
(6
053
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
011
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Idle
    Plant
    
    
(2
428
    
    
    
(3
041
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(27
424
    
    
    
(30
821
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
678
    
    
    
6
893
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

as
    % Net Sales
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Sales
Cost of Sales
 and Gross Margin



As
a result of our decision to focus on the core Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s beverage brands and simplify operations by reducing
the overall number of SKUs that we offer
 the Company&rsquo;s core beverage volume for the year ended December 31
 2018 represented
approximately 83% of gross revenue.


    
    


Core
brand gross revenue increased 8% during the year ended December 31
 2018 as compared to the year ended December 31
 2017
 to $34
746
from $32
160. This increase was reduced by declines in non-core discontinued brands and private label sales timing. The result
was a 1% increase in total gross revenue
 to $41
974 from $41
718 during the prior year. On a 12-ounce case basis
 price on our
core brands increased $0.90 per 12-ounce case or 5% year over year
 while core volume increased 3% as compared to the prior year.

Net
sales revenue of $38
102
 represents a 1% increase over 2017 net sales of 37
714.

Cost
of Goods Sold and Produced 

Cost
of goods produced decreased $2
784 during the year ended December 31
 2018 as compared to the prior year
 to $24
996 from $27
780.
As a percentage of net sales
 cost of goods produced decreased 8 percentage points
 to 66% from 74% in the year-ago period. The
main drivers of decrease were a reduction in packaging costs
 mainly a reduction in glass
 and productivity gains realized from
the reduction in SKUs.

Cost
of goods sold represents the cost of goods produced plus the costs associated with maintaining idle capacity in our Los Angeles
manufacturing facility. Idle plant costs decreased in the current year to $2
428 from $3
041 in the same period in 2017
 due to
increased efficiencies in operating the LA facility.

In
December of 2018 the Company sold its manufacturing and bottling facility in Los Angeles to California Custom Beverage
 LLC
 an
entity owned by Christopher J. Reed
 the Company&rsquo;s founder
 director and Chief Innovation Officer. See Note 3 of the Notes
to Financial Statements for additional information. Effective with the sale
 the Company no longer incurs idle plant costs and
avoids significant continuing capital expenditures.

Gross
Margin

Our
price restructuring
 along with the significant reduction in cost of sales discussed above
 resulted in a 10 percentage point
increase in gross margin during the year ended December 31
 2018
 to 28% compared to 18% in 2017.

Operating
Expenses

Delivery
and Handling Expenses

Delivery
and handling expenses consist of freight costs throughout the supply chain and warehouse costs incurred for handling our finished
goods and raw materials. Delivery and handling expenses increased in the year ended December 31
 2018 to $5
489 from $3
942 in
2017. As a percentage of net sales
 delivery costs were 14%
 as compared to 10% in 2017. This increase was due to an industry
wide increase in freight rates
 transition charges from and to new warehouse partners
 sole sourced can production on the east
coast and higher inventory levels. We will continue to refine our processes and procedures around control of freight in
light of our new business model
 with added co-packer partnerships
 projected West Coast can production
 and the addition of a
new managed freight partner.

Selling
and Marketing Expenses

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of direct charges for staff compensation costs
 advertising
 design and public relations
sales support
 broker fees
 marketing programs and trade shows. Beginning in 2018 the Company began analyzing its sales and marketing
efforts as two distinct expense categories. Marketing expenses consist of direct marketing
 marketing labor and marketing support
costs. Selling expenses consist of all other selling-related expenses.

Total
selling and marketing expenses were $4
879 during 2018
 compared to $3
021 during the prior year. As a percentage of net sales
selling and marketing costs increased to 13% during the current year
 as compared to 8% during prior year. The increase was driven
by the establishment of an internal marketing department and the development of outside creative
 public relations and support
agencies. The increased investment in sales and marketing is consistent with the Company&rsquo;s strategy to refresh the brands
launch new products into the market
 and lay the ground work to re-accelerate growth of the core brands.


    
    


Marketing
expenses for the year ended December 31
 2018 aggregated $1
683. Marketing expenses were not tracked separately in the year-ago
period. As a percentage of net sales
 marketing expenses equaled 4%.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of the cost of executive
 administrative
 and finance personnel
 as well as professional
fees. General and administrative expenses increased in the current year to $8
383 from $5
754
 an increase of $2
629 over 2017.
Our administrative expenses increase was largely driven by an increase in non-cash performance-based equity awards of $1
125
bonus accruals of $493
 and one-time transition and severance costs relating to upgrading our human capital and our move to Norwalk
Connecticut of $927.

Loss
from Operations

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we recognized a gain of $180 on the sale of our Los Angeles facility
 and recorded an impairment
charge of $229 to reduce to zero the carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s Sonoma Sparkler brand name. Sonoma Sparkler is not
currently designated as a core product
 and there are no plans to continue this product line in the foreseeable future. During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 impairment charges of $5
925 were recorded to reduce substantially all of the assets of the
Company&rsquo;s Los Angeles plant to estimated net realizable value in anticipation of the sale of the facility.

As
a result of the changes discussed above
 the loss from operations was $8
122 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 as compared
to a loss of $11
749 for the year ended December 31
 2017.

Interest
and Other Expense

Interest
and other expense for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following (in thousands):



    
    
    
$
    Change
%
    Change

Interest
    expense
2
201
3
491
(1
290
    

Financing
    and warrant modification costs
    
2
776
(2
776
    

Change
    in fair value of warrant liability
    
(3
275
3
277
    

Extinguishment
    of convertible note
    
3
632
(3
632
    


The
decrease in interest expense of $1
290
 to $2
201 during the current year from $3
491 during the prior year
 is the result of
lower average borrowings
 and the more favorable terms of our new credit facility with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal. On October 4
2018
 the Company entered into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal
 Inc.
 which replaced its existing credit
facility with PMC. See Note 7 of the Notes to Financial Statements.

Certain
of our outstanding warrants are recorded as liabilities at fair value because they contain fundamental transaction provisions
that could give rise to an obligation of the Company to the warrant holders. The number of such warrants outstanding was 138
762
at December 31
 2018 and 2017. The fair value of the liability is re-measured as of each reporting date
 based on the then-current
market price of our stock among other factors. Such changes in the fair value of our warrant liability resulted in a charge against
earnings of $2 and a credit to earnings of $3
275 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the terms of certain outstanding warrants were improved to induce the holders to enter into
financing transactions with the Company or purchase equity securities of the Company
 resulting in a charge against earnings of
$2
776. Similarly
 the conversion price of our Convertible Note to Related Party was reduced from $3.00 to $1.50 during the year
then ended. In accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance
 the modification was recorded as an extinguishment
and reissuance of the note
 resulting in a $3
632 charge against earnings. These transactions were not present during the year
ended December 31
 2018.


    
    


Modified
EBITDA

In
addition to our GAAP results
 we present Modified EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However
 Modified EBITDA
is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income
 income from operations
or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP
 or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities
as a measure of liquidity. We define Modified EBITDA as net income (loss)
 plus interest expense
 depreciation and amortization
stock-based compensation
 changes in fair value of warrant expense
 and one-time restructuring-related costs including employee
severance and asset impairment.

Management
considers our core operating performance to be that which our managers can affect in any particular period through their management
of the resources that affect our underlying revenue and profit generating operations that period. Non-GAAP adjustments to our
results prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons
we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Modified EBITDA
 you should be aware that in the future
we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Modified
EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.

Set
forth below is a reconciliation of net loss to Modified EBITDA for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 (unaudited; in thousands):



    
Year
    Ended December 31


    
    
    

Net
    loss
(10
325
(18
373

    
    
    

Modified
    EBITDA adjustments:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    

Interest
    expense
2
201
3
491

Stock
    option and other noncash compensation
2
081
1
055

Financing
    costs including warrant modification
    
2
776

Change
    in fair value of warrant liability
    
(3
275

Extinguishment
    and reissue of convertible note
    
3
632

Gain
    on Plant Sale
    
    

Impairment
    and severance costs
1
156
5
925

Total
    EBITDA adjustments
5
368
14
155

    
    
    

Modified
    EBITDA
(4
957
(4
218


We
present Modified EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods
on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition
we use Modified EBITDA in developing our internal budgets
 forecasts and strategic plan; in analyzing the effectiveness of our
business strategies in evaluating potential acquisitions; and in making compensation decisions and in communications with our
board of directors concerning our financial performance. Modified EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool
 which includes
among others
 the following:



    
    
Modified
    EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures
 or future requirements
 for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;





    
    
Modified
    EBITDA does not reflect changes in
 or cash requirements for
 our working capital needs;

    
    
    

    
    
Modified
    EBITDA does not reflect future interest expense
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments
    on our debts; and

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
Although
    depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges
 the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced
    in the future
 and Modified EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements.



    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a net loss of $10
325 and used cash in operations of $9
258. As of December
31
 2018
 we had a cash balance of $624
 a stockholder&rsquo;s deficit of $6
743 and a working capital shortfall of $3
297
 compared
to a cash balance of $12
127
 stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $508 and working capital of $2
303 at December 31
 2017.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During 2017
2018 and subsequently
 the Company has taken a number of steps to improve its cash and liquidity position.

In
September of 2018
 the Company completed the relocation of its headquarters to Norwalk
 Connecticut. The Company&rsquo;s move
is consistent with its focus on a streamlined sales and marketing organization that is better positioned for future growth and
enhanced profitability. The new Norwalk office serves as headquarters for the Company&rsquo;s operations
 business development
sales and marketing
 finance
 supply chain
 HR and other corporate functions. With key leadership already based in the Tri-State
area
 including support agencies leading the Company&rsquo;s marketing
 advertising and public relations efforts
 this will ensure
a seamless transition.

On
October 4
 2018
 the Company entered into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal
 Inc.
 which replaced its existing
credit facility with PMC. See Note 7. The Company&rsquo;s annual debt service requirements
 on an annualized basis
 were reduced
by approximately $1
500 as a result of the refinancing. The new credit facility is for a term of 2.5 years
 and provides for borrowings
of up to $13
000. Concurrently with the execution of the financing agreement
 all obligations to PMC under the Company&rsquo;s
existing credit facility were repaid in full in an aggregate amount of $8
758. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has $1
201
of unused borrowing capacity under the financing agreement.

On
December 31
 2018
 we completed the sale of substantially all of the assets of our Los Angeles manufacturing facility (the &ldquo;Plant
Sale&rdquo;). See Note 3. We received $1
250 in cash
 and the buyer assumed our lease obligation on the California property
relieving us of annual lease payments of approximately $420. The Plant Sale also effectively eliminates our costs associated with
excess manufacturing capacity. With the sale of our plant
 all of the Company&rsquo;s production is subcontracted to co-packers
which assemble our products and charge us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products they produce. Management believes that
we begin 2019 solidly positioned as an asset light Company
 able to focus all of our attention and resources on driving accelerated
growth and building our brands
 with capital flexibility
 a reduced need for capital expenditures
 and an optimized operating
model.

In
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement for
an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an overallotment option
for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the offering
 net of the underwriting discount and other transaction
costs
 aggregated $14
905. The proceeds will be used to fund our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop and launch new products
and for general working capital purposes.

Historically
we have financed our operations through public and private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred and common stock
 convertible
debt instruments
 term loans and credit lines from financial institutions
 and cash generated from operations.

If
our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe the Company will be able to reduce its operating costs sufficiently
to still achieve positive cash flow from operations. However
 there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient revenues
from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some
point in the future
 we may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them
or to fund our expansion
 marketing
 and product development plans.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
or GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our financial statements including
various allowances and reserves for accounts receivable and inventories
 the estimated lives of long-lived assets and trademarks
and trademark licenses
 as well as claims and contingencies arising out of litigation or other transactions that occur in the
normal course of business. The following summarizes our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:

Accounts
Receivable. 
where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific
reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on the Company&rsquo;s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

Inventory.

quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product
demand and our ability to sell the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could
affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated
provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.

Intangible
Assets and Impairment Policy. 
 so classified because
we anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. Indefinite-lived intangible assets
are not amortized but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life
is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than
not the asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our asset with its book value.
If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is
recognized in an amount equal to that excess.

Management
believes the accounting estimates related to impairment of our long lived assets
 including our intangibles
 are &ldquo;critical
accounting estimates&rdquo; because: (1) they are highly susceptible to change from period to period because it requires an estimate
of fair value
 which is based on assumptions about cash flows and discount rates; and (2) the impact of an impairment on our balance
sheet and net income could be material. Management&rsquo;s assumptions about cash flows and discount rates require significant
judgment because actual revenues and expenses have fluctuated in the past and we expect they will continue to do so. In estimating
future revenues
 we use internal budgets. Internal budgets are developed based on recent revenue data for existing product lines
and planned timing of future introductions of new products and their impact on our future cash flows.

Revenue
Recognition
is reasonably assured
 which generally occurs when product is shipped. A written order from the customer must be received and
credit acceptance procedures performed prior to shipment of product. The Company does not have any significant contracts with
customers requiring performance beyond delivery
 and contracts with customers contain no incentives or discounts that could cause
revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed before the customer obtains control
of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the customer. Revenue and costs
of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer
 which generally occurs upon shipment from our
facilities. The Company&rsquo;s performance obligations are satisfied at that time. The Company does not allow for returns
 except
for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically been insignificant. Because
of this
 the stand-alone nature of our products
 and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction pricing for our
sales contracts
 we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance for obligations. We assess our contracts and
the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis.


    
    


Stock
Compensation Expense
in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for such grants issued and vesting
to employees based on ASC 718
 whereby the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation
expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement
date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary
performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Awards granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to
determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the awards vest
 they are valued on each vesting
date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then current value on the date
of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are
immediately vested
 and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s stock option and restricted stock grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option
Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock
options or restricted stock
 and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could
materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.

Warrant
Liabilities.
Some of these warrant agreements contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company
to pay cash to the warrant holders. Those warrants with fundamental transaction terms are accounted for as liabilities given the
terms may give rise to an obligation of the Company to the warrant holders. These liabilities are measured at fair value at each
reporting period and the change in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying Statements of Operations. Fair
value is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest
rates
 expected volatility
 expected life
 and future dividends. Expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could
materially affect the amount of expense recorded in future periods.

Management
believes the valuation of our warrant liabilities are &ldquo;critical accounting estimates&rdquo; because: (1) they require estimates
of risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life
 and future dividends; and (2) the impact of a change in these
estimates could be material to our balance sheet and net income. Management&rsquo;s assumptions about risk-free interest rates
expected volatility
 expected life
 and future dividends are based upon historical experience
 however future experience may fluctuate.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

See
Note 2 of the financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A.


    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
    Sheets as of December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    
    



    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors
Reeds
Inc.
Norwalk
Connecticut

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Reeds
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the
related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2004.

Weinberg
&amp; Company
 P.A.
Los
Angeles
 California
April
1



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
BALANCE
SHEETS
DECEMBER
31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share data)



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    

    
    
12
127

Accounts
    receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $623 and $601
 respectively
2
608
2
691

Receivable
    from related party
    
    

Inventory
    net of reserve for obsolescence of $197 and $509
 respectively
7
380
5
931

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
    
    

Total
    Current Assets
10
938
20
948

    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation of $342 and $799
 respectively
    
    

Equipment
    held for sale
 net of impairment reserves of $118 and $5
925
 respectively
    
2
549

Intangible
    assets
    
    

Total
    assets
12
492
24
476

    
    
    

LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)
    
    

Current
    Liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    payable
5
721
7
480

Accrued
    expenses
1
483
    

Advances
    from officers
    
    

Line
    of credit
6
980
3
301

Current
    portion of leases payable
    
    

Current
    portion of long term financing obligation
    
    

Current
    portion of bank notes
    
6
947

Total
    current liabilities
14
235
18
645

    
    
    

Leases
    payable
 less current portion
    
    

Long
    term financing obligation
 less current portion
 net of discount of $714 at December 31
 2017
    
1
250

Convertible
    note to a related party
4
161
3
690

Warrant
    liability
    
    

Other
    long term liabilities
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
19
235
23
968

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity (deficit):
    
    

Series
    A Convertible Preferred stock
 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 shares issued and outstanding
    
    

Common
    stock
 $.0001 par value
 70
000
000 and 40
000
000 shares authorized
 respectively; 25
729
461 and 24
619
591 shares issued
    and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

Common
    stock issuable
 400
000 shares at December 31
 2017
    
    

Additional
    paid in capital
53
591
49
833

Accumulated
    deficit
(60
431
(50
101

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
(6
743
    

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
12
492
24
476


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)



    
Year
    Ended December 31


    
    
    

Net
    Sales
38
102
37
714

Cost
    of goods sold
27
424
30
821

Gross
    profit
10
678
6
893

    
    
    

Operating
    expenses:
    
    

Delivery
    and handling expense
5
489
3
942

Selling
    and marketing expense
4
879
3
021

General
    and administrative expense
8
383
5
754

Impairment
    of assets
    
5
925

Gain
    on sale of Los Angeles plant
    
    

Total
    operating expenses
18
800
18
642

    
    
    

Loss
    from operations
(8
122
(11
749

Interest
    expense
(2
201
(3
491

Financing
    and warrant modification costs
    
(2
776

Change
    in fair value of warrant liability
    
3
275

Extinguishment
    of convertible note
    
(3
632

Net
    loss
(10
325
(18
373

    
    
    

Dividends
    on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common stockholders
(10
330
(18
378

    
    
    

Loss
    per share &ndash; basic and diluted
    
    

Weighted
    average number of shares outstanding &ndash; basic and diluted
25
357
566
14
775
828


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
(in
thousands
 except share data)



    
Common
    Stock
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock Issuable
Additional
    Paid In
    
Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2016
13
982
230
    
9
411
    
    
    
29
971
(31
723
(1
657

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of vested options
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    shares issued to a Director of the Company for cash
117
647
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    shares issued for cash pursuant to the Rights Offering
 net of offering costs
9
333
333
    
    
    
    
    
12
886
    
12
887

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    shares granted to Directors and Officers for services
62
365
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercise
    of warrants
1
122
376
    
    
    
    
    
1
650
    
1
650

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issuable to the board
    
    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Premium
    on convertible note
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
423
    
1
423

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Extinguishment
    of warrant liability
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
634
    
2
634

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of warrants issued for financing costs
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dividends
    on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
1
640
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    Loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(18
373
(18
373

Balance
    December 31
 2017
24
619
591
    
9
411
    
400
000
    
49
833
(50
101
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of vested options
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
161
    
1
161

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Shares
    granted to Directors and Officers for services
37
057
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Vested
    restricted shares granted to Directors and Officers for services
256
222
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dividends
    on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
1
734
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    shares issued to Directors and Officers pursuant to previous grants
400
000
    
    
    
(400
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercise
    of warrants
414
857
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of modification of outstanding warrants
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    Loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(10
325
(10
325

Balance
    December 31
 2018
25
729
461
    
9
411
    
    
    
53
591
(60
431
(6
743


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
(In
thousands)




    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Cash
    flows from operating activities:
    
    

Net
    loss
(10
325
(18
373

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
    
    

    
    
    

Gain
    on sale of Los Angeles plant
    
    

Amortization
    of discount on Long-term financing obligation
    
    

Amortization
    of capitalized financing costs
    
    

Amortization
    of right of use assets
    
    

Loss
    on cancellation of capital leases
    
    

Stock
    options issued to employees for services
1
161
    

Common
    stock issuable for services
    
    

Common
    stock issued for services
    
    

Increase
    in allowance for doubtful accounts
    
    

Reserve
    for impairment on equipment held for sale
    
5
925

(Decrease)
    increase in inventory reserve
    
    

(Decrease)
    increase in fair value of warrant liability
    
(3
275

Fair
    value of warrants recorded as financing costs
    
    

Cost
    of warrant modification
    
1
868

Accrual
    of interest on Convertible note to a related party
    
    

Loss
    on extinguishment of debt
    
3
632

Gain
    (loss) on sale or disposal of equipment
    
    

Write
    off intangible asset
    
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
    
    

    
(1
157
    

Prepaid
    expenses and other assets
    
    

Accounts
    payable
(1
762
1
521

Accrued
    expenses
1
190
    

Other
    long term obligations
    
    

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(9
258
(3
422

Cash
    flows from investing activities:
    
    

Cash
    proceeds from sale of Los Angeles plant
1
050
    

Proceeds
    from sale of property and equipment
    
    

Purchase
    of property and equipment
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) investing activities
    
    

Cash
    flows from financing activities:
    
    

Borrowings
    on line of credit
47
560
38
355

Repayments
    of line of credit
(43
204
(39
438

Capitalization
    of financing costs
    
    

Principal
    repayments on capital expansion loan
(3
947
    

Principal
    repayments on bank notes
(3
000
    

Principal
    repayments on long term financial obligation
    
    

Advances
    from officers
    
    

Repayment
    of amounts due to officers
    
    

Principal
    repayments on capital lease obligation
    
    

Exercise of
    warrants
    
1
650

Proceeds
    from sale of common stock
    
13
087

Proceeds
    from issuance of convertible note
    
3
083

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities
(3
187
15
911

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash
(11
503
11
676

Cash
    at beginning of period
12
127
    

Cash
    at end of period
    
12
127

    
    
    

Supplemental
    disclosures of cash flow information:
    
    

Cash
    paid during the period for interest
1
351
1
806

Non
    Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
    
    

Debt
    discount on note recognized as warrant liability
    
3
083

Acquisition
    of lease asset and liability
    
    

Property
    and equipment acquired through capital expansion loan
    
    

Preferred
    Stock dividends paid in Common Stock
    
    

Reclass
    of property to equipment held for sale
    
4
370

Extinguishment
    of warrant liability
    
2
634

Vendor
    credits issued for fixed asset purchase
    
    

Premium
    related to the issuance of convertible note
    
1
423

Fair
    value of warrant modification recorded as debt discount
    
    



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)



    
Operations
    and Liquidity




    
Nature
    of Operations


Reed&rsquo;s

in 1989
 Reed&rsquo;s is America&rsquo;s best-selling Ginger Beer brand and has been the leader and innovator in the ginger beer
category for decades. Virgil&rsquo;s is America&rsquo;s best-selling independent
 full line of natural craft sodas. The Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. portfolio is sold in over 30
000 retail doors nationwide. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Beers are unique due to the proprietary process
of using fresh ginger root combined with a Jamaican inspired recipe of natural spices and fruit juices. The Company uses this
same handcrafted approach in its award-winning Virgil&rsquo;s line of great tasting
 bold flavored craft sodas.

In
2017
 the Company performed a complete operational review and developed a detailed action plan to capture performance improvements
drive core brand growth
 and become a premier &ldquo;asset-light&rdquo; sales and marketing organization. On December 31
 2018
this culminated in the sale of the Company&rsquo;s Los Angeles manufacturing facility (see Note 3)
 marking a fundamental shift
in the nature of the Company&rsquo;s operations and the completion of all major initiatives under the action plan.



    
Cash
    and Liquidity 


For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a net loss of $10
325 and used cash in operations of $9
258. As of December
31
 2018
 we had a cash balance of $624
 a stockholder&rsquo;s deficit of $6
743 and a working capital shortfall of $3
297
 compared
to a cash balance of $12
127
 stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $508 and working capital of $2
303 at December 31
 2017.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During 2017
2018 and subsequently
 the Company has taken a number of steps to improve its cash and liquidity position.

In
September of 2018
 the Company completed the relocation of its headquarters to Norwalk
 Connecticut. The Company&rsquo;s move
is consistent with its focus on a streamlined sales and marketing organization that is better positioned for future growth and
enhanced profitability. The new Norwalk office serves as headquarters for the Company&rsquo;s operations
 business development
sales and marketing
 finance
 supply chain
 HR and other corporate functions. With key leadership already based in the Tri-State
area
 including support agencies leading the Company&rsquo;s marketing
 advertising and public relations efforts
 this will ensure
a seamless transition.

On
October 4
 2018
 the Company entered into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal
 Inc.
 which replaced its existing
credit facility with PMC. See Note 7. The Company&rsquo;s annual debt service requirements
 on an annualized basis
 were reduced
by approximately $1
500 as a result of the refinancing. The new credit facility is for a term of 2.5 years
 and provides for borrowings
of up to $13
000. Concurrently with the execution of the financing agreement
 all obligations to PMC under the Company&rsquo;s
existing credit facility were repaid in full in an aggregate amount of $8
758. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has $1
201
of unused borrowing capacity under the financing agreement.

On
December 31
 2018
 we completed the sale of substantially all of the assets of our Los Angeles manufacturing facility (the &ldquo;Plant
Sale&rdquo;). See Note 3. We received $1
250 in cash
 and the buyer assumed our lease obligation on the California property
relieving us of annual lease payments of approximately $420. The Plant Sale also effectively eliminates our costs associated with
excess manufacturing capacity. With the sale of our plant
 all of the Company&rsquo;s production is subcontracted to co-packers
which assemble our products and charge us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products they produce. Management believes that
we begin 2019 solidly positioned as an asset light Company
 able to focus all of our attention and resources on driving accelerated
growth and building our brands
 with capital flexibility
 a reduced need for capital expenditures
 and an optimized operating
model.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

On
February 15
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common
stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the
offering
 net of the underwriting discount and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14
905. The proceeds will be used to fund
our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop and launch new products
 and for general working capital purposes.

Historically
we have financed our operations through public and private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred and common stock
 convertible
debt instruments
 term loans and credit lines from financial institutions
 and cash generated from operations.

If
our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe the Company will be able to reduce its operating costs sufficiently
to still achieve positive cash flow from operations. However
 there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient revenues
from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some
point in the future
 we may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them
or to fund our expansion
 marketing
 and product development plans.



    
Significant
    Accounting Policies




    
Use
    of Estimates


The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory
obsolescence
 depreciable lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
realization of deferred tax assets
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued
for services.



    
Accounts
    Receivable


The
Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
Company becomes aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve
for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on the Company&rsquo;s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

The
allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables.
At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was $623 and $601
 respectively.



    
    


Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities
on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand and
our ability to sell the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand
for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
 which may
result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s
estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for
excess and obsolete inventory. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the reserve for inventory obsolescence aggregated $197 and $509
respectively.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)



    
Property
    and Equipment and Related Depreciation


Property
and equipment is stated at cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and
equipment or increase production capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense
as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:



Property
    and Equipment Type
    
Years
    of Depreciation 

    
    
39
    years

Machinery
    and equipment
    
5-12
    years

    
    
5
    years

Office
    equipment
    
5-7
    years


Management
assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.

In
anticipation of the sale of our Los Angeles facility (see Note 3)
 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment
Held for Sale. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5
925 to reduce the carrying
amount of our Los Angeles assets to the estimated amount we believed to be recoverable.



    
Intangible
    Assets and Impairment Policy


Intangible
assets are comprised of indefinite-lived brand names acquired
 so classified because we anticipate that these brand names will
contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed for impairment
annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the asset is impaired. If further testing
is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds
its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.

During
our December 31
 2018 impairment testing
 we determined that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit
to the Company
 because we do not currently offer Sonoma Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable
future. Accordingly
 we reduced the book value of this asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge
of $229. No impairments were noted during the year ended December 31
 2017.



    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s cash balances on deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250. Generally
the Company&rsquo;s policy is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its credit
facility. From time to time
 however
 the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess
of the insurance limit. To minimize the risk
 the Company&rsquo;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial
institutions.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 24% and 17% of its sales
 respectively;
and during the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company had two customers that accounted for 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively.
No other customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

As
of December 31
 2018
 the Company had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 36% and 19% of total accounts receivable
respectively. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 25% and 14% of its
total accounts receivable
 respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable in either year.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 the Company utilized three separate co-packers for most its production
and bottling of beverage products in the eastern United States. With the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale
 the Company no longer conducts
a manufacturing operation
 accordingly it utilizes co-packers to produce 100% of its products as of that date. The Company has
long-standing relationships with two different co-packers
 and in conjunction with the Plant Sale we entered into a third co-packing
agreement with California Custom Beverage LLC (&ldquo;CCB&rdquo;)
 the purchaser of the plant (see Note 3). CCB is 100% owned
by Chris Reed
 founder of the Company and current Chief Information Officer and director. Although there are other packers
 a
change in co-packers may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s two largest vendors accounted for 16% and 13% of its purchases
 respectively.
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company made 20%
 of its purchases from a single vendor. At December 31
 2018 and
2017
 accounts payable to the Company&rsquo;s largest vendor comprised 24% and 20% of our total accounts payable
 respectively.
No other account was more than 10% of our accounts payable in either year.



    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments


The
Company uses various inputs in determining the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial
assets recorded at fair value in the balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used
to measure their fair value. Accounting Standards Codification Section 820 defines the following levels directly related to the
amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs:

Level
1&mdash;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2&mdash;Inputs
 other than the quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3&mdash;Unobservable inputs based on the Company&rsquo;s assumptions.

The
carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank
loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments. The carrying values of lease obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since
the interest rates on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates.

As
of December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s balance sheets included warrant liabilities aggregating $38 and
$36 respectively
 measured at fair value based on Level 2 inputs.




    
    


The
Company operates in one segment for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the &ldquo;Segment Reporting&rdquo;
Topic of the ASC
 the Company&rsquo;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President
who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing
guidance
 which is based on a management approach to segment reporting
 establishes requirements to report selected segment information
quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services
 major customers
 and the countries in which
the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under &ldquo;Segment
Reporting&rdquo; due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services;
and procurement
 manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment
 all financial information
required by &ldquo;Segment Reporting&rdquo; can be found in the accompanying financial statements


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)



    
Cost
    of Goods Sold


Cost
of goods sold is comprised of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold includes
direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production
supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor
and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred.
Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished
goods produced. Expenses not related to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.

The
Company terminated its manufacturing operation effective with the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale. See Note 3.



    
Delivery
    and Handling Expense


Shipping
and handling costs are comprised of purchasing and receiving
 inspection
 warehousing
 transfer freight
 and other costs associated
with product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
Income
    Taxes


The
Company uses an asset and liability approach for accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement
of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability
approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided
for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their
benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related
to income tax matters in income tax expense.



    
Revenue
    Recognition


In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;). The underlying
principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at the amount expected to
be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
which include (1) identifying the contract or agreement with a customer
 (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract
or agreement
 (3) determining the transaction price
 (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations
and (5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1
 2018
and adoption of such standard had no effect on previously reported balances.

The
Company previously recognized and continues to recognize revenue when risk of loss transfers to our customers and collection of
the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally occurs when product is shipped. A written order from the customer must be
received and credit acceptance procedures performed prior to shipment of product.

The
Company does not have any significant contracts with customers requiring performance beyond delivery
 and contracts with customers
contain no incentives or discounts that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities
are performed before the customer obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised
service to the customer. Revenue and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer
 which
generally occurs upon shipment from our facilities. The Company&rsquo;s performance obligations are satisfied at that time.

All
of the Company&rsquo;s products are offered for sale as finished goods only
 and there are no performance obligations required
post-shipment for customers to derive the expected value from them.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

The
Company does not allow for returns
 except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns
have historically been insignificant. Because of this
 the stand-alone nature of our products
 and our assessment of performance
obligations and transaction pricing for our sales contracts
 we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance
for obligations. We assess our contracts and the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis.

The
Company accounts for certain sales incentives to customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales
incentives for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 were approximately $3
872 and $4
004
 respectively.



    
Net
    Loss Per Share


Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net
income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of
additional common shares that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury
stock method. Potential common shares are excluded from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.

For
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential
dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Convertible
    note to a related party
2
266
667
2
266
667

    
6
897
277
7
325
282

Common
    stock equivalent of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
37
644
37
644

Unvested
    restricted common stock
598
370
    

    
3
744
404
677
500

    
13
544
362
10
307
093




    
Advertising
    Costs


Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling and marketing expense. Advertising costs aggregated $300 and $285 for
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



    
Stock
    Compensation Expense


The
Company periodically issues stock options and restricted stock awards to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions
for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for such grants issued and vesting to employees based on ASC 718
 whereby
the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over
the vesting period. Such grants issued and vesting to non-employees are valued on the measurement date as determined at either
a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity
instruments is complete. Awards granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded
as an expense in the respective period. As the awards vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded
for the difference between the value already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances
where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based
compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s stock option and restricted stock grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option
Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock
options or restricted stock
 and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could
materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.



    
Warrant
    Liabilities



Various
stock sales made by the Company to finance operations have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Some of these warrant
agreements contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant
holders. For accounting purposes

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 those warrants with
fundamental transaction terms are accounted for as liabilities given the terms may give rise to an obligation of the Company to
the warrant holders. These liabilities are measured at fair value at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is
recognized in earnings in the accompanying Statements of Operations.

Fair
value is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest
rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or restricted stock
 and future dividends. Expense is recorded
based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions
used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect the amount of expense recorded in future periods.




    
    


In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented
in the financial statements.

The
Company adopted ASU 2016-02 effective October 1
 2018. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating $862
 and lease
liabilities of the same amount
 as of that date. In accordance with ASU 2016-02
 the right-of-use assets are being depreciated
over the life of the underlying leases
 and monthly lease payments are being recorded as reductions to the lease liability and
imputed interest expense. See Note 9 for additional information.



    
Recent
    Accounting Pronouncements 


In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic
480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part
II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and
Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2017-11&rdquo;). ASU 2017-11
allows companies to exclude a down round feature when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature)
is considered indexed to the entity&rsquo;s own stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with
down round features may no longer be required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value
of a down round feature only when it is triggered
 and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding
financial instruments
 an entity will treat the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income
available to common shareholders in computing basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features
containing down round provisions
 entities will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be
amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective
approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results
of operations
 and cash flows.

In
June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Improvements to Non-Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2018-07&rdquo;). ASU 2018-07 generally aligns the measurement and classification
of share-based awards to non-employees with that of share-based awards to employees. Non-employee equity awards will be measured
at the fair value of the equity instruments to be issued
 as of the grant date
 and the resulting amount will be recognized as
expense over the expected or contractual term of the award. The ASU applies to all share-based payments to nonemployees in exchange
for goods or services used or consumed in an entity&rsquo;s own operations. It does not apply to instruments issued to a lender
or investor in a financing transaction
 or to instruments granted when selling goods or services to customers. ASU 2018-07 is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements
and related disclosures.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

In
August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework &ndash; Changes to the
Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement.&rdquo; ASU 2018-13 amends certain disclosure requirements pertaining to fair
value measurement
 and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The adoption of ASU 2018-13 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results
of operations
 and cash flows.

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants
 and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
on the Company&rsquo;s present or future consolidated financial statements.




    
Plant
    Sale to a Related Party





On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from California Custom Beverage
 LLC
 (&ldquo;CCB&rdquo;); an entity owned
by Chris Reed
 founder
 CIO and board member of Reed&rsquo;s; for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Company&rsquo;s
Los Angeles plant (the &ldquo;Plant Sale&rdquo;). Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company recorded impairment charges totaling
$5
925 in 2017
 the difference between the offer terms and the net book value of the assets to be sold
 reducing the assets to
estimated net realizable value.

On
December 31
 2018
 the Plant Sale was completed. The Plant Sale included substantially all machinery
 equipment
 furniture and
fixtures of the facility
 with a net book value of $2
300 after 2017 impairment charges. Additionally
 all contracts
 permits
intellectual property and inventory pertaining to our non-strategic private label business were included in the sale. These private
label assets were internally developed by the Company and had nominal book value as of the date of sale. The sales price consisted
of $1
250 in cash
 and CCB assumed our lease obligation on the California real property
 which aggregated $1
300
at December 31
 2018. The Company recognized a gain of $180 on the sale
 net of transaction costs and other customary adjustments.

By
the terms of the sale CCB assumed the monthly payments on our lease obligation (see Note 8) effective immediately upon closing
of the sale. Our release from the obligation by the lessor
 however
 is dependent upon CCB&rsquo;s deposit of $1.2 million of
security with the lessor no later than December 31
 2019. Mr. Reed has placed 800
000 of his shares of Reed&rsquo;s stock in escrow
to be sold by him during 2019 for the purpose of funding the required security deposit.

We
will receive a 5% royalty on CCB&rsquo;s private label sales to existing customers for three years and a 5% referral fee on CCB&rsquo;s
private label sales to referred customers for three years. Additionally
 we have entered into a three year co-packing agreement
with CCB
 whereby it will produce Reed&rsquo;s beverages in glass bottles at prevailing West Coast market rates.

By
the terms of the sale
 CCB reimbursed the Company for certain costs such as sales tax arising from the transaction and prepayments
as of December 31. Such costs aggregated $195
 which is reflected as Receivable from Related Party on the accompanying balance
sheet as of December 31
 2018. Additionally
 we have agreed to provide at cost certain transitional services to CCB during the
month of January 2019
 including procurement of inventory
 insurance coverage
 and transitional services with respect to payroll.
The cost of these services is expected to aggregate approximately $200.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

Mr.
Reed has agreed to continue on as our Chief Innovation Officer and a member of our board of directors.

In
connection with the Plant Sale
 we granted registration rights to a group of our current shareholders
 including Chairman John
Bello and certain institutional investors
 with respect to an aggregate of 350
000 shares of our common stock. We agreed to use
our commercially reasonable best efforts to register those 350
000 shares for resale with the SEC
 and we have not yet done so.
The shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 beginning July 1
 2019.



    
    


Inventory
is valued at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Raw
    Materials and Packaging
3
053
2
670

Finished
    Goods
4
327
3
261

    
7
380
5
931


The
Company has recorded an obsolescence reserve for potentially slow moving and obsolete inventory. The reserve at December 31
 2018
and 2017
 totaled $197 and $509
 respectively.



    
Property
    and Equipment


Property
and equipment is comprised of the following (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Right-of-use
    assets under operating leases
    
    

Computer
    hardware and software
    
    

Total
    cost
1
238
    

Accumulated
    depreciation
    
    

Net
    book value
    
    


Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 totaled $86 and $551
 respectively.

On
December 31
 2018
 the Company completed the sale of its Los Angeles manufacturing facility. See Note 3. The sale included substantially
all machinery
 equipment
 furniture and fixtures of the facility. In anticipation of the sale
 we reclassified all the assets
of the facility to Equipment Held for Sale. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating
$5
925 to reduce the carrying amount of these assets to the amount we estimated to be recoverable.

Equipment
held for sale consists of the following (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
&nbsp;2017

Equipment
    held for sale
    
8
474

    
    
(5
925

Net
    book value
    
2
549


The
balance as of December 31
 2018 consists of residual manufacturing equipment
 at estimated net realizable value
 which management
anticipates selling during 2019.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)





    
Intangible
    Assets


Intangible
assets consist of trademarks for the Company&rsquo;s brand names (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

    
    
    

Sonoma
    Sparkler
    
    

Brand
    names
    
    


Our
brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually. During our December
31
 2018 impairment testing
 we determined that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
because we do not currently offer Sonoma Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
we reduced the book value of this asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments
were noted during the year ended December 31
 2017.




    
Lines
    of Credit


Amounts
outstanding under the Company&rsquo;s credit facilities are as follows (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Rosenthal
    Line of Credit
7
657
    

PMC
    Revolving Line of Credit
    
3
301

Term
    Loans
    
3
000

CAPEX
    loan
    
3
947

    
7
657
10
248

Capitalized
    finance costs
    
    

Net
    balance
6
980
10
248


On
October 4
 2018
 the Company entered into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal
 Inc. (&ldquo;Rosenthal&rdquo;)
for a line of credit to replace its existing credit facility. The Rosenthal line of credit is for a term of 2.5 years and provides
for borrowings of up to $13
000. Borrowings are based upon eligible accounts receivable and inventory
 plus up to $4
000 of additional
borrowing beyond those amounts (the &ldquo;Over-Advance&rdquo;).

Borrowings
under the Rosenthal financing agreement bear interest at the greater of prime or 4.75%
 plus an additional 2% to 3.5% depending
upon whether the borrowing is based upon receivables
 inventory or is an Over-Advance. The effective interest rate as of December
31
 2018 on outstanding borrowings was 8.3%. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to monthly facility and administration
fees
 and aggregate minimum monthly fees (including interest) of $4.

The
Company incurred $752 of direct costs of the transaction
 consisting primarily of broker
 bank and legal fees
 and the $161 cost
of the warrant modification discussed below and in Note 10. These costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over the
2.5 year life of the Rosenthal agreement. Amortization was $75 for the year ended December 31
 2018.

The
line of credit is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. Additionally
 the Over-Advance is guaranteed by an
irrevocable stand-by letter of credit in the amount of $1
500
 issued by Daniel J. Doherty III and the Daniel J. Doherty
 III
2002 Family Trust
 affiliates of Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;). Raptor beneficially owns 27.1% of the Company&rsquo;s
outstanding common stock as of December 31
 2018. Mr. Doherty is a member of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors. In the event
of a default under the financing agreement
 Raptor has a put option to purchase from Rosenthal the entire amount of any outstanding
Over-Advance plus accrued interest
 prior to Rosenthal declaring an event of default under the financing agreement.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

As
part of the transaction
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 in the event that Raptor exercises its put option described above. Consequently
the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&rsquo;s outstanding warrants to purchase the Company&rsquo;s common stock was reduced
from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase in the fair value of the warrants of $161. This amount has been reflected as a capitalized
finance cost
 and is being amortized over the life of the financing agreement. See Note 10.

The

to engage in certain types of transactions
 including our ability to utilize tangible and intangible assets as collateral for

 the agreement contains a financial covenant that requires us to meet certain minimum
working capital and tangible net worth thresholds as of the end of each quarter. As of December 31
 2018 we did not meet the working
capital and tangible net worth requirements. Rosenthal granted us a waiver for the December 31
 2018 violation
 and as a result
of our February 2019 public offering (see Note 17) the violation was cured prior to the next measurement date of March 31
 2019.
In all other respects
 we were in compliance with the terms of our agreement with Rosenthal.

Prior
to execution of the financing agreement with Rosenthal
 the Company had a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services
Group
 LLC (the &ldquo;PMC Agreement&rdquo;)
 which included a $6
000 Revolving Line of Credit
 a $3
000 Term Loan
 and a Capital
Expansion Loan (&ldquo;CAPEX Loan&rdquo;). Upon execution of the financing agreement with Rosenthal
 all obligations under the
PMC Agreement were repaid in full in an aggregate amount of $8
758.

Interest
rates on borrowings under the PMC Agreement were generally calculated on a sliding scale based on our trailing six month EBITDA.
If unused cash availability met pre-established thresholds
 interest rates were generally reduced to a contractual base rate plus
any increase in the prime rate. The Revolving Line of Credit also bore a monthly collateral monitoring fee of .45%.

Interest
expense on the Company&rsquo;s credit facilities aggregated $1
153 and $1
458 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.



(8)
    
Financing
    Obligation


Our
financing obligation is comprised of the following (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Financing
    obligation
    
2
186

Unamortized
    valuation discount
    
    

Net
    financing obligation
    
1
472

Less
    current portion
    
    

Long
    term financing obligation
    
1
250


As
the result of a 2009 sale-leaseback transaction
 the Company leased two buildings and certain of its brewery equipment (the majority
of the assets of our Los Angeles plant). The transaction was accounted for as a long-term financing arrangement
 and the proceeds
from the sale were recorded as a financing obligation in the initial amount of $3
056. Monthly payments of approximately $35 under
the arrangement were recorded as a reduction in the financing obligation and as interest expense at an implicit rate of 9.9%.

In
connection with the financing obligation and subsequent amendments
 the Company issued an aggregate of 600
000 warrants to purchase
its common stock. The 600
000 warrants were valued at an initial aggregate amount of $1
336
 which was recorded as a valuation
discount at the date of issuance. The discount was being amortized over fifteen years
 the term of the purchase option. The balance
of the unamortized valuation discount at December 31
 2017 was $714. Amortization of valuation discount was $110 for each of the
years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

On
December 31
 2018
 the Company completed its Plant Sale (see Note 3). As part of the transaction the buyer assumed our financing
obligation
 which aggregated $1.3 million
 net of unamortized valuation discount of $604
 as of that date. By the terms of the
sale CCB assumed the monthly payments on the obligation effective immediately upon closing of the sale. Our release from the obligation
by the lessor
 however
 is dependent upon CCB&rsquo;s deposit of $1.2 million of security with the lessor no later than December
31
 2019. Mr. Reed has placed 800
000 of his shares of Reed&rsquo;s stock in escrow
 to be sold by him during 2019 for the purpose
of funding the required security deposit.



    
Leases
    Payable


The
Company adopted ASU 2016-02
 Leases
 effective October 1
 2018. The Standard requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset
and a corresponding lease liability at the inception of the lease
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments.
As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating $862 as of October 1
 2018
 utilizing a discount rate of 12.6%. That
amount consists of new leases on the Company&rsquo;s Norwalk office and certain office equipment of $730
 and existing capitalized
leases reclassified to right of use assets of $132. The amount of such reclassification as of December 31
 2017 was $569.

ASU
2016-02 requires recognition in the statement of operations of a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is
allocated over the lease term
 generally on a straight-line basis. Had ASU 2016-02 been adopted as of the beginning of the earliest
period presented
 such rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 would have aggregated $45 and $82
 respectively.

In
accordance with ASU 2016-02
 the right-of-use assets are being amortized over the life of the underlying leases. Had ASU 2016-02
been adopted as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
 amortization of right of use asset would have aggregated $49
and $182 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Future
minimum lease payments under the leases are as follows (in thousands):



Years
    Ending December 31

    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Total
    payments
1
266

Less:
    Amount representing interest 
    

Present
    value of net minimum lease payments
    

Less:
    Current portion
    

Non-current
    portion
    




    
Convertible
    Note to a Related Party


The
Convertible Note to a Related Party consists of the following (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

12%
    Convertible Note Payable
3
400
3
400

Accrued
    Interest
    
    

Total
    obligation
4
161
3
690


On
April 21
 2017
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 the Company issued to Raptor a Secured
 Convertible
 Subordinated
Non-Redeemable Note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) in the original principal amount of $3
400 and warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares
of common stock. See Note 11 for further information regarding the warrants.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

The
Note bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded monthly. It is secured by the Company&rsquo;s assets
 subordinate to
the first priority security interest of Rosenthal (see Note 7). The Note may not be prepaid and matures on April 21
 2021. It
may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. Net of transaction costs
 the
Company received proceeds from the Note of $3
083. The principal balance of the Note was $3
400 at December 31
 2018 and 2017.

The
fair value of the warrants was initially determined to be $3
302 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Of this
amount
 $3
083 was recorded as a valuation discount
 and the $219 excess of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance
date over the amount allocated to valuation discount was accounted for as a financing cost. The Company recognized a total debt
discount at issuance of $3
400 consisting of the fair value of the warrant liability of $3
083 and cash offering costs of $317.
The debt discount was being amortized over the term of the note. Amortization of the note discount through December 12
 2017 was
$1
191 and the unamortized debt discount at that date was $2
209.

On
December 12
 2017
 in connection with the reduction of the offering price in the Rights Offering (see Note 12) to $1.50
 the Company
amended the Note
 reducing the conversion price from $3.00 to $1.50. The Company determined that
 under the provisions of ASC
Topic 470-50
 such modification resulted in a change of more than 10% of the fair value of the Note
 and the transaction should
be recorded as an extinguishment. Accordingly
 we removed the $3
400 original Note and $2
209 of unamortized discount from our
Balance Sheet
 and recorded the new note at fair value. The Company retained an independent third-party valuation firm to calculate
the fair value of the new note. Using discounted cash flow and Black-Scholes methods the fair value was determined to be $4
823.
Accordingly
 a new obligation in the amount of $3
400 was recorded and the corresponding premium of $1
423
 representing the excess
of the fair value over the face value of the Note
 was reflected as an increase in additional paid in capital. A loss of $3
632
was realized in connection with the extinguishment and was included in the Statement of Operations.

On
October 4
 2018
 in connection with the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended
and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000
(see Note 7). In consideration therefore
 the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&rsquo;s outstanding warrants was reduced from
$1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model
 of $161. This amount will be amortized as interest expense over the life of the Rosenthal financing agreement.

See
Note 11 for further information regarding the warrants.




(11)
    
Warrants
    and Warrant Liability


Warrant
activity during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 is as follows:



    
    
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price
Weighted-Average
    Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
Aggregate
    Intrinsic Value

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
2016
803
909
    
    
    

    
7
643
749
    
    
    

    
(1
122
376
    
    
    

Forfeited
    or expired
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
2017
7
325
282
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
428
005
    
    
    

Forfeited
    or expired
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2018
6
897
277
    
    
1
447

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2018
6
897
277
    
    
1
447



    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

Warrants
outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates
 are as follows:



December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

    
    
Expiration
    Dates
    
    
Expiration
    Dates

    
    
    
    
    
    

200
000
    
September
    2019
200
000
    
September
    2019

125
000
    
May
    2021
125
000
    
May
    2021

10
000
    
October
    2021
10
000
    
October
    2021

50
000
    
November
    2021
50
000
    
November
    2021

72
703
    
June
    2021
72
703
    
June
    2021

66
059
    
June
    2021
66
059
    
June
    2021

784
549
    
April
    2022
784
549
    
April
    2022

87
745
    
July
    2022
87
745
    
July
    2022

512
560
    
July
    2022
512
560
    
July
    2022

4
238
661
    
December
    2020
4
666
666
    
December
    2020

750
000
    
December
    2022
750
000
    
December
    2022

6
897
277
    
    
7
325
282
    
    


Various
financing transactions and stock sales made by the Company have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Generally
 we record
the fair market value of the warrants
 as determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 as a financing cost
at date of issuance. Such financing costs aggregated $0 and $1
480 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Certain
of our warrant agreements
 however
 contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company
to pay cash to the warrant holders. For accounting purposes

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
warrants with such fundamental transaction provisions are accounted for as liabilities. A summary of transactions that impacted
our warrant liabilities is provided below under &ldquo;

Warrant
Transactions

The
aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable warrants is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of
the warrant and the market price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as of December 31
 2018
 which was $2.07. Warrants for which
the exercise price is higher than $2.07 have no intrinsic value as of December 31
 2018.

On
April 21
 2017
 in conjunction with the issuance of a Convertible Note to Related Party (see Note 10)
 the Company issued warrants
for the purchase of 1
416
667 shares of common stock to Raptor. The warrants contain fundamental transaction provisions which
may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders
 accordingly these warrants are accounted for
as liabilities. The fair value of the warrants was determined to be $3
302 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.
Of this amount
 $3
083 was recorded as a debt valuation discount
 and the $219 excess of the fair value of the warrant liability
at the issuance date over the amount allocated to valuation discount was accounted for as a financing cost.

On
April 19 2017
 in anticipation of the April 21 transaction
 warrants to purchase an additional 210
111 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at the exercise price of $3.00 were granted to three accredited investors that are party to a Securities Purchase
Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&rsquo;s financing transactions. The warrants contain
customary anti-dilution provisions and include fundamental transaction provisions resulting in the fair value of $571 to be classified
as an increase to the warrant liability. Fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.

The
three accredited investors referred to above agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing.
In consideration
 these investors&rsquo; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years.
In addition
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced
the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00. The incremental change in the warrants&rsquo; fair value of $187 on the modification date
was reported as an increase to the warrant liability and a cost of warrant modification.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

On
July 13
 2017
 the Company entered into warrant exercise agreements with Raptor and the three accredited investors
 by which the
Company repriced previously issued warrants as an inducement to exercise. A total of 1
906
925 warrants were repriced
 including
those issued in April 2017. The warrants&rsquo; exercise prices were lowered from $3.00 and $4.00 per share to $1.50 per share
and the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109.

Upon
modification
 the investors exercised warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting
in proceeds to the Company of $1
650. The fair value of the warrants at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified
from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders
of the remaining 784
549 warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction provision to require board approval
thus eliminating the need for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling
$1
033
 was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital.

Pursuant
to the July 13 warrant exercise agreements
 the Company issued to the investors
 pro rata based on the number of shares each investor
exercised
 a second tranche of warrants to purchase 512
560 shares of our common stock and on July 19
 2017 a third tranche of
warrants to purchase 87
745 shares of our common stock. The second tranche of warrants have a term of 5 years
 may be exercised
commencing six months after issuance and have an exercise price of $2.00. The third tranche of warrants were exercisable immediately
upon issuance for a term of five years and have an exercise price of $1.55. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution
provisions. The aggregate fair value of the new warrants totaling $689 was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing
model with a volatility of 53.75% an interest free rate of 1.65% and a stock price of $2.35. The fair value of the warrants was
reported as a financing cost on their respective issuance dates.

In
December 2017
 in accordance with a December 28
 2017 Rights Offering
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares
of common stock
 at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. Additionally
 as compensation for a definitive backstop commitment
from Raptor
 the Company issued to Raptor 750
000 five-year warrants. See Note 12 for additional information regarding the Rights
Offering and backstop commitment.

On
October 4
 2018
 in connection with the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended
and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000
(see Note 7). In consideration therefore
 the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&rsquo;s outstanding warrants was reduced from
$1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model
 of $161. This amount will be amortized to financing cost over the life of the Rosenthal financing agreement.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 a total of 428
005 warrants were exercised
 including cashless exercises
 resulting in the issuance
of 414
857 shares of our common stock.

Warrant
Liability

As
stated above
 certain of our warrant agreements contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation
of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders. Such warrants are accounted for as liabilities at fair value. The fair value
is remeasured at each reporting period
 and the change in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying Statements
of Operations. Following is a summary of the transactions described above that impacted our warrant liability.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

The
fair value of the warrant liability was determined at the following reporting
 issuance
 and modification dates using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model and the following assumptions:




    
As
December
                                         31

April
                                         21
 2017
April
                                         21
 2017
July
                                         13
 2017
As
                                         of
December
                                         31

                                                                                                                             
As
December
                                         31
 

    
(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    Price
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk
    free interest rate
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    Volatility
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    life in years
    
    
    
&nbsp;4.77
                                         to 4.89 
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    
    
    
    
    
    

Number
    of Warrants
418
909
1
626
778
280
147
1
906
925
138
762
138
762

Fair
    Value of Warrants
    
3
873
    
1
109
    
    


(1)
Warrant valuation on December 31
 2016 for 418
909 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions.

(2)
April 21
 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in connection with
the Company&rsquo;s issuance of the Convertible Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111
warrants to three accredited investors that are party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation
rights in the Company&rsquo;s financing transactions (valued at $571).

(3)
April 19
 2017
 the three accredited investors referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
2017 financing. The Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price
from $4.25 to $3.00. The incremental change in the warrants&rsquo; fair value of $187 on the modification date was reported as
an increase to the warrant liability and a cost of warrant modification.

(4)
July 13
 2017 warrant exercise agreements with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total
of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a
charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &ldquo;fundamental transaction
&rdquo;
eliminating the need to classify the warrants as a warrant liability.

Upon
modification
 the investors exercised warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting
in proceeds to the Company of $1
650. The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified
from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders
of the remaining 784
549 warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
thus eliminating the need for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling
$1
033
 was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital.

(5)
Warrant valuation on December 31
 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the
fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275 for the year ended December 31
 2017.

(6)
Warrant valuation on December 31
 2018 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the
fair value of the warrant liability was $2 for the year ended December 31
 2018.

The
risk-free interest rate used in the valuation calculations was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company
used the historical volatility of its common stock to estimate the expected volatility. The expected life of the warrants was
determined by the remaining contractual life of the warrant instrument. The expected dividend yield was determined to be zero
since the Company has not paid dividends to its common stockholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to its common
stockholders in the foreseeable future.



    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity


Series
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Preferred Stock&rdquo;) consists
of $10 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 non-voting
 participating preferred stock
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share.
500
000 shares are authorized. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were 9
411 shares outstanding. Each share of Preferred
Stock can be converted into four shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

Dividends
are payable at the rate of 5% annually
 pro-rata and non-cumulative. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 at the discretion of
our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. The Company cannot declare or pay any dividend
on shares of our securities common stock until the holders of the Preferred Stock have received their annual dividend. In addition
the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo;
basis with the holders of our common stock.

In
the event of any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event as defined
 the
holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive
 prior to distributions to the holders of common stock
 $10.00 per share
plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets are distributed pro rata among all security holders. Since
June 30
 2008
 the Company has the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Preferred Stock at $10.00
per share
 the original issue price
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.

The
Preferred Stock may be converted at any time
 at the option of the holder
 into four shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment
in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 and similar transactions.
The Company is obligated to reserve authorized but unissued shares of common stock sufficient to affect the conversion of all
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

Except
as provided by law
 the holders of the Preferred Stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including the election of
directors. However
 so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding
 the Company shall not
 without the approval of a
majority of the preferred stockholders
 authorize or issue any equity security having a preference over the Preferred Stock with
respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any
senior preferred stock.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
on the Preferred
Stock through the issuance of 1
734 and 1
640 shares of its common stock
 respectively
 which based upon the then-current market
price of the stock equated to dividends of $5 in each of the years. No shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into
common stock in 2018 and 2017.

Common
The Company&rsquo;s common stock has a par value of $.0001. On December 13
 2018 our shareholders approved
an increase in the authorized number of common shares from 40
000
000 to 70
000
000. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 70
000
000
and 40
000
000 shares were authorized
 respectively. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 25
729
461 and 24
619
591 shares were outstanding
respectively.

Common
Stock Issued in Connection with a Rights Offering &ndash; 
 the Company conducted a public offering of rights
to purchase up to $14 million of units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and one-half warrant
to purchase one share of common stock (the &ldquo;Rights Offering&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an
aggregate of 9
333
333 units consisting of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common
stock
 with each warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. The net proceeds
to the Company were $12
887 after deducting all offering costs
 dealer-manager fees of $830
 and expenses.

On
December 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with
Raptor whereby Raptor agreed to purchase a minimum of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in
a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right
and over-subscription privilege as a rights holder in the Rights Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do
so.

As
compensation for the backstop commitment the Company issued to Raptor five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The offering was oversubscribed; accordingly Raptor did not purchase any unregistered
units in a private placement under the provisions of the Backstop Agreement. In connection with the offering
 the Company also
agreed to register the shares of common stock underlying the units (including shares of common stock underlying the warrants contained
in the units) and shares of common stock underlying the backstop warrants. The Company registered the shares in February 2018.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

Private
Sale to a Director - 
 2017
 the Company sold 117
647 shares of its common stock to a member
of the board of directors at $1.70 per share with total proceeds of $200.

Common
Stock Issued to Directors and Officers for Services Rendered &ndash; 
 2018 the Company issued
37
057 shares of its common stock to an officer of the Company as compensation for services rendered. The shares had an aggregate
value on date of issuance of $100
 which was recorded as compensation expense during the year ended December 31
 2018

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued 62
365 shares of its common stock to certain directors and officers of the
Company as compensation for services rendered. The shares had an aggregate value of $90 at dates of issuance.

Exercises
of Warrants &ndash; 
 2018 and 2017
 the Company issued 414
857 and 1
122
376 shares of
its common stock
 respectively
 upon the exercise of outstanding warrants
 resulting in cash proceeds to the Company of $828 and
$1
150
 respectively.

Common
Stock Issuable &ndash; 
 2018
 the Company awarded 412
736 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate
fair value of $660 to Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 pursuant to his employment agreement with the
Company. The shares are subject to vesting requirements; accordingly they are reflected Common Stock Issuable as of December
31
 2018. Half of the award
 or 206
368 shares
 will vest during 2019 and the remaining 206
368 shares will vest during 2020.

On
January 10
 2018
 Mr. Stalowir was awarded 371
268 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of $631
 pursuant
to his employment agreement with the Company. Half of the award
 or 185
634 shares vested and were issued during 2018. The remaining
185
634 shares will vest in 2019.

Also
on January 10
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s independent directors were awarded a total of 70
588 shares of restricted common stock
with an aggregate fair value of $120
 as compensation for services rendered during 2018. The shares vested and were issued at
the rate of 25% per quarter during each fiscal quarter of 2018.

Effective
December 31
 2017
 the Company issued to its independent directors an aggregate of 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $1.70
per share
 or $680 in total
 for services provided in 2017. These shares were reflected as Common Stock Issuable at December 31
2017
 and were issued during 2018.

Subsequent
to December 31
 2018
 the Company entered into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of its common stock. See Note
17.

(13)
Share-Based Compensation

Management
believes that the ability to issue equity compensation
 in order to incentivize performance by employees
 directors
 and consultants
is essential to the Company&rsquo;s growth strategy.

On
September 29
 2017
 the 2017 Compensation Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) was approved by our shareholders. Initially it provided
for the issuance of up to 3
000
000 shares. On December 13
 2018 our shareholders approved a 3
500
000 share increase in the number
of shares issuable under the Plan. Options issued and forfeited under the 2017 plan contain an Evergreen provision and cannot
be re-priced without shareholder approval.

As
of December 31
 2018
 1
947
715 shares are issuable under the Plan
 and 27
500 shares remain issuable under the Company&rsquo;s
predecessor 2015 Compensation Plan.

The
plans permit the grant of options and stock awards to our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either
&ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &ldquo;non-qualified stock
options&rdquo;. The Plan is currently administered by the board of directors. The exercise price of an option granted under the
plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock on the date of the grant of the option. Options
may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the plan. Incentive stock options granted
to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting power of the common stock cannot be exercisable for more than five years.
When an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the underlying stock is received in cash
 except that the plan administrator
may permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise
price
 or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)


Stock
Options 

Stock
option activity consists of the following:



    
    
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price
Weighted-Average
    Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
Aggregate
    Intrinsic Value

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
1
048
500
    
    
    

    
60
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Forfeited
    or expired
(431
000
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
677
500
    
    
    

    
3
596
954
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Unvested
    Forfeited or expired
(406
300
    
    
    

Vested
    Forfeited or expired
(123
750
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2018
3
744
404
    
    
1
026

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2018
678
059
    
    
    


The
aggregate intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between the closing market price as of December 31
 2018
 which was
$2.07
 and the exercise price of the outstanding stock options.

On
December 17
 2018
 options to purchase 311
000 shares of common stock were issued to certain employees of the Company pursuant
to the Plan. One half of these options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of will vest based on performance
criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion. The $386 fair value of the options is being amortized through December
31
 2022.

On
July 19
 2018
 the Company issued options to purchase 748
000 shares of common stock to certain employees
 officers and Directors
pursuant to the Plan. One half of these options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of these options will vest
based on performance criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion. The $1
190 fair value of the options is being
amortized through July 31
 2022.

On
March 28
 2018
 the Compensation Committee granted options to purchase 1
653
950 shares of common stock to certain current employees
officers and Directors pursuant to the Plan. One half of these options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of
these options will vest based on performance criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion. The $1
540 fair value
of the options is being amortized through March 31
 2022.

Also
on March 28
 2018
 the Compensation Committee approved the repricing of 100
000 options issued to former Chief Financial
Officer Dan Miles pursuant to the 2015 Plan to the market price of $1.60
 and extended the option period an additional four years.

Also
on March 28
 2018
 pursuant to its employment agreement with Valentin Stalowir dated June 28
 2017
 the Compensation Committee
awarded Mr. Stalowir options to purchase 412
736 shares of common stock
 which are subject to shareholder approval to increase
the number of shares available under the Plan
 and are not otherwise issuable until January 2019. One half of these options will
vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of these options will vest based on performance criteria to be established
by the Board. The fair value of these options of $389 is being amortized through March 31
 2022.




    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)



On
January 10
 2018
 the Compensation Committee granted to Mr. Stalowir options to purchase 371
268 shares of stock
 pursuant to
the Plan and his employment agreement with the Company. The options have an exercise price of $1.70
 vest over 18 months
 and
have a 10 year life. The $370 fair value of the options is being amortized through June 2019.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company granted 60
000 options
 with a fair value of $39
 to purchase the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $2.20
 to certain employees of the Company.

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the
assumptions noted in the following table. For purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated
holding period is used. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury
yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
Year
    Ended December 31


    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    

Expected
    dividends
    
    

Expected
    average term (in years)
    
    

Risk
    free rate - average
2.37%
                                         - 2.77
    

Forfeiture
    rate
    
    


Compensation
cost resulting from option issuances aggregated $1
161 and $276 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.
As of December 31
 2018
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $2
691 which will be amortized to compensation expense as
the options vest
 over one to four years.

Additional
information regarding options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31
 2018
 is as follows:



    
Options
    Outstanding
Options
    Exercisable

Range
    of Exercise Price
Number
    of Shares Outstanding
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Life (years)
Number
    of Shares Exercisable
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price

$1.60-2.19
    &nbsp;
2
573
954
    
    
285
609
    

    
940
450
    
    
202
450
    

$3.75
    to $5.04 &nbsp;
230
000
    
    
190
000
    

    
3
744
404
    
    
678
059
    



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

Restricted
Stock

The
following table summarizes restricted stock activity during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
Unvested
    Shares
Issuable
    Shares
Fair
    Value at Date of Issuance
Weighted
    Average Grant Date Fair Value

Balance
    December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
400
000
    
    
    

    
(400
000
400
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2017
    
400
000
    
    

    
854
592
    
1
412
    

    
(256
222
256
222
    
    

    
    
(656
222
(1
500
    

Balance
    December 31
 2018
598
370
    
    
    


On
March 28
 2018
 in accordance with his employment agreement with the Company
 the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Stalowir
412
736 shares of restricted common stock with a fair value of $660 pursuant to the Plan. The fair value of these shares is being
amortized to compensation expense through June 2019 when the shares vest.

On
January 10
 2018
 Mr. Stalowir was awarded 371
268 shares of restricted common stock with a fair value of $631
 pursuant to the
Plan and in accordance with his employment agreement with the Company. The award vests over eighteen months
 and the fair value
of the grant is being amortized to compensation expense through June 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 185
634 shares
of common stock with a fair value of $316 vested and were issued to Mr. Stalowir.

In
the first quarter of 2018
 the Compensation Committee granted an aggregate of 70
588 shares of restricted common stock to the
Company&rsquo;s independent Directors pursuant to the Plan. The shares vested and were issued in four equal installments during
2018
 and the $120 fair value of the shares was amortized to compensation expense ratably over that period.

Restricted
common stock issued pursuant to the Plan is subject to such restrictions as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board
which may include restrictions on the sale of such shares or the right to receive dividends thereon. Additionally
 the restricted
common stock is subject to a risk of forfeiture
 generally upon termination of employment or service during the vesting period.
Vesting may be dependent upon the recipient&rsquo;s continued relationship with the Company
 or may depend upon the achievement
of certain pre-established performance goals.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 an aggregate of $820 was recognized as compensation expense relative to restricted stock awards.
As of December 31
 2018
 the amount of unvested compensation related to restricted stock awards was $592
 which will be recognized
as an expense in future periods as the shares vest.

14)
Income Taxes

At
December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;s)
to reduce future taxable income. For Federal purposes the amounts available were approximately $42
000 million and $35
000
 respectively.
For state purposes approximately $18
000 was available at December 31
 2018 and 2017. The Federal carryforward expires on various
dates through 2035 and the state carryforward expires in 2019. Given the Company&rsquo;s history of net operating losses
 management
has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards.
Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit.

Due
to the restrictions imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership of companies with
loss carryforwards
 the utilization of the Company&rsquo;s NOL may be limited as a result of recent change in stock ownership.
NOLs incurred subsequent to the latest change in control are not subject to the limitation.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

The
Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent
likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company did not have a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits.

The
Company recognizes as income tax expense
 interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Tax years 2011 through 2018 remain open
to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.

Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated
with the use of the NOLs and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.

Significant
components of the Company&rsquo;s deferred income tax assets are as follows (in thousands):



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Deferred
    income tax asset:
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
10
429
8
927

Accounts
    receivable allowances
    
    

Inventory
    reserves
    
    

Deferred
    finance costs
    
    

Reserve
    for asset impairment
    
    

Total
    deferred tax asset
10
496
9
957

Valuation
    allowance
(10
496
(9
957

Net
    book value
    
    


Reconciliation
of the effective income tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Federal
    statutory tax rate
    
    

State
    rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

Effect
    of change in tax rate
    
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    

Effective
    tax rate
    
    




    
Commitments
    and Contingencies


Customer
Commitments

The
Company has entered into contracts with customers with clauses committing the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the
agreement early or without cause. The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&rsquo;s products
to a defined type of retailer within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically
renew the agreements without cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company has no
plans to terminate or not renew any agreement with any of their customers; accordingly
 no such fees have been accrued in the
accompanying financial statements.

Legal
Proceedings

From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

We
believe there are no material litigation matters as of December 31
 2018. Although the results of such litigation matters and
claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material
adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity
 or results of operations.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)



    
Related
    Party Activity


The
Company paid Judy Reed
 who is the Corporate Secretary and the wife of Chris Reed
 to document minutes for the Board of Directors&rsquo;
meetings. Amounts paid for her services during each of the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 aggregated less than approximately
$1 thousand.

Winston
Stalowir
 son of Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 was employed as a sales
 merchandising and demo intern
during the year ended December 31
 2018. He was paid approximately $2 thousand for his services.

Lisa
Cohane
 wife of Neal Cohane
 our Senior Vice President of Sales
 performed administrative and office management services for the
Company during the year ended December 31
 2018. She was paid approximately $34 thousand for her services.

Lindsay
Martin
 daughter of a director of the Company
 was employed as Vice President of Marketing during the year ended December 31
2018. She was paid approximately $162 thousand for her services.

In
2017
 Chris Reed (the former Chief Executive Officer and current Chief Innovation Officer)
 Robert Reed (the brother of Chris
Reed)
 and Dan Miles (former Chief Financial Officer)
 collectively advanced approximately $571 thousand to the
Company for working capital uses. In 2017
 the Company repaid approximately $240 thousand of this amount and the
remaining balance was repaid in January of 2018.

From
time to time
 the Company issues stock-based awards to employees
 officers
 and other related parties as compensation for services
rendered. See Note 13 for information as to such transactions during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

On
December 31
 2018
 the Company sold its Los Angeles manufacturing facility to California Custom Beverage
 LLC (&ldquo;CCB&rdquo;)
an entity 100% owned by Chris Reed
 the Company&rsquo;s founder and Chief Innovation Officer (the &ldquo;Plant Sale&rdquo;). See
Note 3.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company entered into the following transactions with Raptor:

On
April 21
 2017
 pursuant to a securities purchase agreement
 Reed&rsquo;s issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable
note to Raptor in the principal amount of $3
400
 and warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock. See Note 10. The
Note bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded monthly. It is secured by the Company&rsquo;s assets
 subordinate to
the first priority security interest of Rosenthal (see Note 7). The Note may not be prepaid and matures on April 21
 2021. It
may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. Net of transaction costs
 the
Company received proceeds from the Note of $3
083. In connection with the issuance of the note
 the Company reimbursed Raptor
direct costs totaling $157 incurred to issue the note.

On
July 13
 2017
 the Company entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Raptor to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of
our common stock. The warrants&rsquo; exercise prices were lowered from $3.00 and $4.00 per share to $1.50 per share. Upon modification
Raptor exercised the warrants at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
150. The Company also
issued to Raptor an additional second tranche of warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares of our common stock and a third tranche
of warrants to purchase up to 60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants have a term of five years
 may be exercised
commencing six months from the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00. The third tranche warrants were exercisable
immediately upon issuance for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to $1.55. Raptor was also granted the right to
appoint a non-voting observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock.
As of the date hereof
 Raptor SPV LLC has not made such an appointment.


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
                                         INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
(in
thousands
 except share and per share data)

Pursuant
to a December 6
 2017 Rights Offering (see Note 12)
 Raptor exercised its rights to purchase 2
666
667 units
 thereby acquiring
2
666
667 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price
of $4
000.

On
December 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with
Raptor whereby Raptor agreed to purchase a minimum of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in
a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right
and over-subscription privilege as a rights holder in the Rights Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do
so. As compensation for the backstop commitment the Company issued to Raptor five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The offering was oversubscribed; accordingly Raptor did not purchase any unregistered
units in a private placement under the provisions of the Backstop Agreement.

On
October 4
 2018
 in connection with the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended
and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000
(see Note 7). In consideration therefore
 the exercise price of the 750
000 warrants issued to Raptor on December 6
 2017 was
reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model
 of $161. This amount will be amortized against earnings over the life of the Rosenthal financing agreement.



    
Subsequent
    Events


During
2019
 our independent directors will be issued restricted common stock valued at $30
000 pursuant to the 2017 plan
 in quarterly
installments.

On
February 15
 2019
 the Company entered into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common
stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the
offering
 net of the underwriting discount and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14
906. The proceeds will be used to fund
our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop and launch new products
 and for general working capital purposes.

The
following table presents an unaudited pro forma balance sheet for Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. assuming the public offering described above
occurred on December 31
 2018 (in thousands):



    
    
December
                                         31
 2018
Adjustment
    (1)
Pro
                                         Forma
December
                                         31
 2018
                                                                                

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    
    

    
    
7
926
8
550

Accounts
    receivable
 net
2
608
    
2
608

Inventory
    net
    
    
    

Other
    current assets
7
511
    
7
511

Total
    Current Assets
10
938
7
926
18
864

    
    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
 net
    
    
    

Equipment
    held for sale and intangible assets
    
    
    

Total
    assets
12
492
7
926
20
418

    
    
    
    

LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)
    
    
    

Current
    Liabilities:
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
5
721
    
5
721

Accrued
    expenses
1
483
    
1
483

Line
    of credit
6
980
(6
980
    

Current
    portion of leases payable
    
    
    

Total
    current liabilities
14
235
(6
980
7
255

    
    
    
    

Leases
    payable
 less current portion
    
    
    

Convertible
    note to a related party
4
161
    
    

Warrant
    liability and other long term liabilities
    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
19
235
(6
980
12
255

    
    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity (deficit):
    
    
    

Series
    A Convertible Preferred stock
    
    
    

Common
    stock
    
    
    

Common
    stock issuable
    
    
    

Additional
    paid in capital
53
591
14
905
68
496

Accumulated
    deficit
(60
431
    
(60
431

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
(6
743
14
906
8
163

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
12
492
7
926
20
418




Adjustment
                                         reflects the sale of 7
733
750 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for net proceeds
                                         of $14
906
 of which $6
980 was used to repay the outstanding balance on the line of
                                         credit.


    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2018.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting during the last quarter of 2018
 ending
December 31
 2018
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018. In making this assessment
 we used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control &mdash;
Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment we concluded that
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting was effective.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm
 pursuant to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item
9B. Other Information




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers

 Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act



Reed&rsquo;s
current directors have terms which will end at the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualify
 subject to their death
 resignation or removal. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
our current directors and executive officers as of December 31
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

Valentin
    Stalowir
    
Director
    Chief Executive Officer
    
    

Iris
    Snyder
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
    
Director
    Chief Innovation Officer
 member of Operations Committee
    
    

Neal
    Cohane
    
Senior
    Vice President of Sales
    
    

Stefan
    Freeman
    
Chief
    Operating Officer
    
    

John
    Bello
    
Chairman
    of the Board
 member of Compensation
 Operations and Governance Committees
    
    

Daniel
    J. Doherty III
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Jaffe
    
Director
    Chairman of Governance Committee
 member of Audit
 Operations and Compensation Committees
    
    

James
    C. Bass
    
Director
    Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of Compensation Committee
    
    

Scott
    R. Grossman
    
Director
    Chairman of the Compensation Committee and member of Audit and Governance Committees
    
    


Business
Experience of Directors and Executive Officers

Val
Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer. Val Stalowir was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Reed&rsquo;s on June 28
 2017.
Also on June 28
 2017
 the Board of Reed&rsquo;s expanded the Board to six seats and appointed Mr. Stalowir to serve as a Director
filling the newly created vacancy. Since November 2016
 Mr. Stalowir has served as an independent food and beverage investment
consultant working with varied consumer focused private equity groups. Prior
 from April 2015 to November 2016
 Mr. Stalowir served
as Chief Executive Officer of privately held International Harvest
 Inc.
 a leading supplier of certified organic superfood snacks.
In 2011
 Mr. Stalowir founded and was CEO of Global Restaurant Group
 LLC (GRG) in Kyiv
 Ukraine
 a privately held
 international
restaurant operator and largest franchisee of YUM! Brands&rsquo; KFC franchise in Ukraine. From 2010 to 2012
 Mr. Stalowir served
as Executive Partner of APTA Capital
 LLC
 a US private equity firm focused on consumer branded companies. From 2002 to 2010
Mr. Stalowir was Chief Executive Officer of Preferred Brand Holdings
 LLC
 a private equity fund backed by Emigrant Savings Bank
where he co-founded the consumer practice and led the investment and growth strategies for five portfolio companies in the food
and beverage sector. From 1999 to 2001
 he served as President
 North American division of Tomra Systems
 ASA
 a publicly traded
Norwegian company and the global leader for beverage container return and processing systems. Prior
 Mr. Stalowir served in marketing
and general management positions with the Coca-Cola Company and the Quaker Oats Company.

Mr.
Stalowir earned his MBA in Marketing and Finance with Distinction from the University of Michigan in 1990 and received dual BA
degrees in Economics and Art History from the College of William and Mary in 1985.

Iris
has served as Chief Financial Officer of Reed&rsquo;s since July 30
 2018. From July 2016 to March 2018
 she served
as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Stoli Group USA. In this position
 Ms. Snyder headed Finance and Operations
integrating several wine and spirits brands into the portfolio during her tenure. During her tenure with Stoli
 she also served
as Vice President of Finance from January 2016 to June 2016 and FP&amp;A Director from May 2014 to December 2015. Prior to her
tenure with Stoli
 Ms. Snyder served as Finance Director for Chobani from November 2013 to May 2014 and held other financial positions
in multiple divisions for Diageo Plc
 including the position of Finance Director from July 2012 to October 2013.

Ms.
Snyder earned her MBA in Finance Management &amp; Strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and
received her BS in Industrial and Operations Engineering with distinction from the University of Michigan.


    
    



Christopher
 founded our company in 1987. Since inception
 Mr. Reed has served in the roles of Chairman
 President
 and Chief
Executive Officer
 and is currently the company&rsquo;s Chief Innovation Officer. Mr. Reed has been a non-independent Director
since our incorporation in 1991. Mr. Reed also served as Chief Financial Officer during fiscal year 2007 until October 1
 2007
and again from April 17
 2008 to January 19
 2010. Mr. Reed remains a Director of the company with the election of John Bello
as Chairman of the Board by fellow Board members. Mr. Reed has been responsible for our design and products
 including the original
product recipes
 the proprietary brewing process and the packaging and marketing strategies. Mr. Reed received a B.S. in Chemical
Engineering in 1980 from Rennselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy
 New York.

Neal
Cohane
 Chief Sales Officer. Neal Cohane has served as Reed&rsquo;s Chief Sales Officer since March of 2008 and previously
as Vice President of Sales since August 2007. From March 2001 until August 2007
 Mr. Cohane served in various senior-level sales
and executive positions for PepsiCo
 most recently as Senior National Accounts Manager
 Eastern Division. In this capacity
 Mr.
Cohane was responsible for all business development and sales activities within the Eastern Division. From March 2001 until November
2002
 Mr. Cohane served as Business Development Manager
 Non-Carbonated Division within PepsiCo where he was responsible for leading
the non-carbonated category build-out across the Northeast Territory. From 1998 to March 2001
 Mr. Cohane spent three years at
South Beach Beverage Company
 most recently as Vice President of Sales
 Eastern Region. From 1986 to 1998
 Mr. Cohane spent approximately
twelve years at Coca-Cola of New York where he held various senior-level sales and managerial positions
 most recently as General
Manager New York. Mr. Cohane holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Merrimack College in North Andover
 Massachusetts.

Stefan
Freeman
Chief Operating Officer. Stefan Freeman served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from April 2016 through June
2017 and has assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer since then. He is also Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Freeman
is a strategic and performance focused executive with more than twenty-five years in sales
 manufacturing and supply chain operations
in beverages and consumer products. Mr. Freeman has worked for the three largest soda companies in the world and was promoted
within each company. From 2011 through 2014
 Mr. Freeman was the Regional Vice President of Manufacturing for Coca-Cola Refreshments
managing eight manufacturing plants located throughout Southern California
 Arizona and Hawaii. These plants produced 231 million
cases with revenues in excess of $500 million annually. In 2014 Mr. Freeman was promoted from within Coca-Cola Refreshments to
Vice President of Fleet Operations in Atlanta
 Georgia where he managed one of the five largest fleet operations in North America
through April 2016. Prior to working for Coca-Cola
 Mr. Freeman was Director of Supply Chain for Dean Foods&rsquo; Pacific Coast
Group
 managing nine production facilities with responsibility for a $155 million annual operating budget. Other prior positions
include Director of Sales Operations for Dr. Pepper Snapple Group and Supply Chain Manager and Plant Manager for Pepsi-Cola Bottling
Group.

Mr.
Freeman holds a BS in mechanical engineering from Tuskegee University and is an active member of the Cisco Systems Global Manufacturing
Advisory Board.

John
 is Reed&rsquo;s Board Chairman and sales and marketing expert. Since 2001
 Mr. Bello has been the Managing Director
of JoNa Ventures
 a family venture fund. From 2004 to 2012 Mr. Bello also served as Principal and General Partner at Sherbrooke
Capital
 a venture capital group dedicated to investing in leading
 early stage health and wellness companies. Mr. Bello is the
founder and former CEO of South Beach Beverage Company
 the maker of nutritionally enhanced teas and juices marketed under the
brand name SoBe. The company was sold to PepsiCo in 2001 for $370 million and in the same year Ernst and Young named Mr. Bello
National Entrepreneur of the Year in the consumer products category for his work with SoBe. Before founding SoBe
 Mr. Bello spent
fourteen years at National Football League Properties
 the marketing arm of the NFL and served as its President from 1986 to 1993.
As the President
 Mr. Bello has been credited for building NFL Properties into a sports marketing leader and creating the model
by which every major sports league now operates.

Prior
to working for the NFL
 Mr. Bello served in marketing and strategic planning capacities at the Pepsi Cola Division of PepsiCo
Inc. and in product management roles for General Foods Corporation on the Sanka and Maxwell House brands. As a board chair
 Mr.
Bello has also worked with IZZE in brand building
 marketing and strategic planning capacities. That brand was also sold to PepsiCo.

Mr.
Bello earned his BA from Tufts University
 cum laude
 and received his MBA from the Tuck School of business at Dartmouth College
as an Edward Tuck Scholar. Mr. Bello is extensively involved in non-profit work and currently serves as a Tufts University Trustee
and advisory board member (athletics) and the Veteran Heritage Project in Scottsdale
 Arizona. Mr. Bello also serves on the board
of Rockford Fosgate
 a seller of OEM audio equipment
 and is executive director of Eye Therapies which has licensed its technology
to Bausch and Lomb
 who markets a redness reduction eye drop under the 


    
    


Daniel
J. Doherty III
 Director. Mr. Doherty was appointed by the Board on January 10
 2018 to serve as a director
 filling a
vacancy. Mr. Doherty is the principal of Eastern Investment Company. He is also a principal of Raptor/ Harbor Reeds
 SPV
 LLC
(&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s largest stockholder
 which beneficially owns 27.1% of the company&rsquo;s outstanding
equity securities as of December 31
 2018
 calculated pursuant to Rule 13d-3. Mr. Doherty has joint voting and dispositive control
of the equity securities held by Raptor with another of its principals. See Item 13
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

James
 is a Director
 and is Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Bass is retired
from the position of Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sony Interactive Entertainment America LLC
 commonly
referred to as the PlayStation business of Sony where he joined in 1995 as Vice President of Finance. Mr. Bass has more than thirty-five
years of financial and international management experience and was responsible for all of Sony&rsquo;s financial operations and
controls including general accounting and financial reporting
 planning
 analysis and systems
 treasury and risk management
 internal
audit
 and federal
 state and local income taxes. Prior experience includes holding several senior management positions encompassing
fourteen years with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
 gaining international experience running operations in parts of Asia and Europe.

Mr.
Bass also spent two years at Wang Laboratories as a Divisional Controller. He started his career in New York at the public accounting
firm
 Haskins and Sells
 now Deloitte &amp; Touche. Mr. Bass received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting
and finance from Pace University
 New York City. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants.

Lewis
is a Director and Chairman of the Governance Committee and is also a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees.
Since August 2014
 Mr. Jaffe is an Executive-in-Residence and Clinical Faculty at the Fred Kiesner Center for Entrepreneurship
Loyola Marymount University. He is also a technology futurist
 Executive Coach and Public Speaker. Since January 2010 Mr. Jaffe
has served on the board of FitLife Brands Inc. (FTLF:OTCBB) and serves on its audit
 compensation and governance committees. Since
2006 he has served on the board of directors of York Telecom
 a private company
 and serves on its compensation and governance
committees. From 2006 to 2008 Mr. Jaffe was Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of Oxford Media
 Inc. Mr. Jaffe has
also served in executive management positions with Verso Technologies
 Inc.
 Wireone Technologies
 Inc.
 Picturetel Corporation
and he was also previously a Managing Director of Arthur Andersen. Mr. Jaffe was the co-founder of MovieMe Network. Mr. Jaffe
also served on the Board of Directors of Benihana
 Inc. as its lead independent director from 2004 to 2012.

Mr.
Jaffe is a graduate of the Stanford Business School Executive Program
 holds a Bachelor of Science from LaSalle University and
holds a Masters Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors
 a public company director
education and credentialing program.

Scott
 is a Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee and is also a member of the Audit and Governance
Committees. Mr. Grossman has nearly two decades of investing and advisory experience in both public and private companies undergoing
significant change. Mr. Grossman is the founder and CEO of Vindico Capital LLC
 a value-oriented investment firm that invests
in public company transformations in partnership with management. Prior to Vindico
 Mr. Grossman was a Senior Portfolio Manager
at Magnetar Capital
 a $13 billion multi-strategy alternative asset manager
 which he first joined in 2006. Prior to Magnetar
Mr. Grossman worked at Soros Fund Management in its Private Equity division and Merrill Lynch in its investment banking group.
In addition
 Mr. Grossman is a non-operating partner and current Board Member at Zeitguide. Mr. Grossman received an MBA from
the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BA from Columbia University where he majored in economics.


    
    


Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to Reed&rsquo;s
have any material interest adverse to Reed&rsquo;s or have
 during the past ten years
 been subject to legal or regulatory proceedings
required to be disclosed hereunder.

Corporate
Governance

We
are committed to having sound corporate governance principles. We believe that such principles are essential to running our business
efficiently and to maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. There have been no changes to the procedures by which stockholders
may recommend nominees to our board of directors.

Director
Qualifications

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values
 consistent with our longstanding
values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed
to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical
wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them
given their individual circumstances
 to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests
of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates
 the board of directors also considers the candidate&rsquo;s
character
 judgment
 diversity
 age and skills
 including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the
needs of the board of directors.

Director
Independence

The
board of directors has determined that four members of our board of directors
 Mr. Bello
 Mr. Bass
 Mr. Jaffe
 and Mr. Grossman
are independent under the NYSE American Company Guide. We intend to maintain at least four independent directors on our board
of directors in the future.

Code
of Ethics

Our
Chief Executive Officer and all senior financial officers
 including the Chief Financial Officer
 are bound by a Code of Ethics
that complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at http://investor.reedsinc.com.

Board
Structure and Committee Composition

As
of the date of this Annual Report
 our board of directors has seven directors and the following four standing committees: an Audit
Committee
 a Compensation Committee
 a Governance Committee and an Operations Committee. The Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
and Governance Committee were formed in January 2007. The Operations Committee was formed in May 2017.

Audit
Committee.
 internal systems of accounting and
financial controls
 relationships with independent auditors and audits of financial statements. Specific responsibilities include
the following:



    
selecting
    hiring and terminating our independent auditors;

    
    

    
evaluating
    the qualifications
 independence and performance of our independent auditors;

    
    

    
approving
    the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditors;

    
    

    
reviewing
    the design
 implementation
 adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and critical accounting policies;

    
    

    
overseeing
    and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they
    relate to financial statements or accounting matters;

    
    

    
reviewing
    with management and our independent auditors
 any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results
    of operations; and

    
    

    
preparing
    the audit committee report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement.



    
    


Our
Audit Committee is comprised of Lewis Jaffe
 Scott R. Grossman and James C. Bass. James C. Bass serves as Chairman of the Audit
Committee. We believe James C. Bass meets SEC requirements of an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002
 Section 407(b).

Compensation
Committee.
directors and employees. Our Compensation Committee is comprised of John Bello
 Lewis Jaffe
 James C. Bass and Scott R. Grossman.
Scott R. Grossman serves as Chairman of our Compensation Committee. In affirmatively determining the independence of a director
who will serve on the compensation committee
 the Company&rsquo;s Board considered all factors specifically relevant to whether
the director has a relationship to the Company which is material to the director&rsquo;s ability to be independent from management
in connection with the duties of a committee member
 including
 without limitation: (1) the source of compensation of the director
including any consulting
 advisory or other compensatory fee paid by the Company; and (2) whether the director is affiliated with
the Company
 or an affiliate of the Company. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
approving
    the compensation and benefits of our executive officers;

    
    

    
reviewing
    the performance objectives and actual performance of our officers; and

    
    

    
administering
    our stock option and other equity compensation plans.


Governance
Committee.
become members of our board
 reviewing correspondence from our stockholders
 and establishing
 evaluating and overseeing our corporate
governance guidelines. Our Governance Committee is currently comprised of John Bello
 Lewis Jaffe and Scott R. Grossman. Lewis
Jaffe serves as Chairman of the Governance Committee. The board of directors has determined all of the members of the Nominations
and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of Section 803A of the NYSE American Company Guide. Our board of directors
has adopted a written charter for the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee.

Specific
responsibilities include the following:



    
evaluating
    the composition
 size and governance of our board of directors and its committees and making recommendations regarding future
    planning and the appointment of directors to our committees;

    
    

    
establishing
    a policy for considering stockholder nominees for election to our board of directors; and

    
    

    
evaluating
    and recommending candidates for election to our board of directors.


Operations
. Our Operations Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for matters relating
to the Company&rsquo;s operations
 particularly those aspects which are most likely to affect stockholder value. Our Operations
Committee is currently comprised of John Bello
 Lewis Jaffe and Christopher J. Reed. In furtherance of this purpose
 the Operations
Committee has the following general oversight responsibilities:



    
    
reviewing
    and providing strategic advice and counsel to the Company regarding the business operations; and

    
    
    

    
    
presenting
    to the Board an independent assessment of the Company&rsquo;s business operations as it relates to strategic initiatives.



    
    


Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.

To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year or written representations from the reporting persons
 the following individuals each filed
one late Form 4: John Bello
 Stefan Freeman
 Neal Cohane
 Christopher J. Reed
 Daniel V. Miles
 Valentin Stalowir and Daniel J.
Doherty III (two transactions). Unless otherwise indicated
 each late Form 4 filing covered one transaction. None of our officers
or directors filed Form 5.

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table summarizes all compensation for fiscal years 2018 and 2017 received by our current and former Chief Executive
Officers (principal executive officer)
 current and former Chief Financial Officers (principal financial officers)
 and our chief
operating officer
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo; during the reported periods:



Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
Stock
    Awards (1)
All
    Other Compensation (2)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Valentin
    Stalowir
    
150
000
    
    
10
500
160
500

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
312
500
291
597
315
578
6
490
926
165

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
    
227
000
    
    
    
227
000

Chief
    Innovation Officer (Former Chief Executive Officer )
    
227
000
    
    
    
227
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Iris
    Snyder
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    
143
109
24
688
    
4
121
171
619

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Daniel
    V. Miles
    
175
000
    
    
    
175
000

Former
    Chief Financial Officer
    
210
936
207
000
    
    
417
936

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stefan
    Freeman
    
155
192
    
    
5
100
260
292

Chief
    Operating Officer (Former Interim Chief Executive Officer)
    
225
000
19
045
100
000
7
200
351
245


(1)
The amounts represent the fair value for share-based payment awards issued during the year. The award is calculated on the date
of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards.
(2)
Other compensation includes both cash payments and the estimated value of the use of company assets.
(3)
Includes stay bonus and severance in the amount of $80
776.

Employment
Agreements

We
entered into an at-will employment agreement with Valentin Stalowir to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Reed&rsquo;s
 effective
as of June 28
 2017 and continuing thereafter unless terminated by either the Company or Mr. Stalowir
 with or without notice
and with or without cause
 pursuant to the terms of the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement
 Mr. Stalowir receives a base salary
at the initial rate of $300
000 per year
 automatically increasing by $25
000 per year on each anniversary of the effective date
until the base salary has reached $350
000. Mr. Stalowir also receives a performance based cash bonus structure and has been granted
equity comprised of stock options and/or restricted stock grants equal to 4% of Reed&rsquo;s outstanding common stock
 on a fully
diluted basis
 calculated as of the effective date of the agreement. The Compensation Committee subsequently determined that the
calculation of Mr. Stalowir&rsquo;s equity grants
 in order to be equitable
 should be based on 4% of Reed&rsquo;s outstanding
common stock in March 2018 and additional equity grants were made to Mr. Stalowir
 subject to shareholder approval for the increase
of the Company&rsquo;s available authorized shares and increase of shares available under the company&rsquo;s active incentive
compensation plan. Requisite shareholder approval was obtained on December 134
 2018. Mr. Stalowir is also eligible to participate
in the Company&rsquo;s other benefit plans available to its executive officers. The agreement provides for full acceleration of
equity grants triggered by a &ldquo;change of control&rdquo;
 as defined in the agreement and contains confidentiality
 invention
assignment and non-solicitation covenants.


    
    


We
entered into an at-will employment agreement with Stefan Freeman to serve as the Chief Operating Officer of Reed&rsquo;s
 effective
October 2017
 continuing thereafter unless terminated by either the Company or Mr. Freeman
 with or without notice and with or
without cause
 pursuant to the terms of the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement
 Mr. Freeman receives a base salary of $225
000
per year. Mr. Freeman is also eligible to receive performance based cash bonus at a target amount of 30% of his base salary. Mr.
Freeman also participates in the Company&rsquo;s equity compensation plan at a level commensurate with his executive position.
The agreement provides for full acceleration of equity grants triggered by a &ldquo;change of control&rdquo;
 as defined in the
agreement and contains confidentiality
 invention assignment and non-solicitation covenants.

Iris
Snyder is currently paid an annual salary of $250
000. Christopher J. Reed is currently paid an annual salary of $227
000
 which
will be reduced to $113
500 effective April 1
 2019. Neal Cohane is paid an annual salary of $210
000. Bonuses for these individuals
are discretionary.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Year-End 


The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive
Officer outstanding as of December 31
 2018:



Name
    and Position
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options
Option
    Exercise Price
Option
    Expiration Date

Valentin
    Stalowir
185
609
185
609
    
    
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
206
368
    
    
    

    
    
206
368
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
30
000
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Innovation Officer (Former Chief Executive Officer )
30
000
10
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Iris
    Snyder
    
223
000
    
    
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    
223
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Daniel
    V. Miles
    
    
    
    
    

Former
    Chief Financial Officer
100
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Stefan
    Freeman
30
000
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Operating Officer (Former Interim Chief Executive Officer)
    
201
000
    
    
    

    
    
201
000
    
    
    





    
    
These
    options will vest in 2019.

    
    
These
    options vest 25% per year beginning in 2019.

    
    
These
    options vest in accordance with performance criteria established by the board of directors.



    
    


Director
Compensation

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our outside directors for the year ended December 31
 2018:



    
Fees
    Earned or Paid in Cash
Stock
    Awards (1)
Option
    Awards
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation
All
    Other Compensation
    

James
    C. Bass
55
000
124
540
    
    
    
179
540

Daniel
    J. Doherty III
50
000
    
    
    
    
50
000

John
    Bello
123
337
379
540
    
    
    
502
877

Lewis
    Jaffe
50
000
209
540
    
    
    
259
540

Scott
    R. Grossman
55
000
124
540
    
    
    
179
540

Valentin
    Stalowir
    
519
775
    
    
    
519
775


(1)
The amounts represent the fair value of restricted stock awards granted during the year. The award is calculated on the date of
grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
 excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of February 28
 2019
for (i) each Named Executive Officer and director
 and (ii) all Named Executive officers and directors as a group and (iii) each
stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. A person is considered to
beneficially own any shares (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment
power or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise
of stock options or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown
in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the
owner&rsquo;s spouse or children.

For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 28
 2019. For purposes of computing the percentage
of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or
persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 28
 2019 is deemed to be outstanding but is not deemed to be outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially
owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Except as otherwise indicated below
 the persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them. Unless otherwise indicated
the principal address of each listed executive officer and director is 201 Merritt 7 Corporate Park
 Norwalk
 Connecticut 06851.


    
    




Named
                                         Beneficial Owner
Directors
                                         and Named Executive Officers
Number
Beneficially
                                         Owned
Percentage
    of Shares Beneficially Owned (1)

Valentin
    Stalowir (2)
660
086
    

Iris
    Snyder
    
    

Daniel
    J. Doherty III (3)
8
463
334
    

Christopher
    J. Reed (4)
1
796
600
    

John
    Bello (5)
1
401
009
    

Lewis
    Jaffe (6)
174
371
    

Stefan
    Freeman (7)
167
557
    

Neal
    Cohane (8)
345
027
    

James
    C. Bass (9)
100
188
    

Scott
    R. Grossman (10)
92
015
    

Directors
    and Named Executive Officers as a group (ten persons)
13
200
187
    

5%
    or greater stockholders
    
    

Raptor/
    Harbor Reed SPV LLC (11)
8
443
334
    

Wellington
    Trust Company
1
846
500
    

Christopher
    J. Reed (4)
1
796
600
    


(1)
Based on 33
491
247 shares outstanding as of February 28
 2019.
(2)
Includes 288
818 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(3)
Mr. Doherty has joint voting and dispositive control of the equity securities held by Raptor with another of its principals.
(4)
Christopher J. Reed
 director and Chief Innovation Officer
 and Judy Holloway Reed
 Secretary of the Company
 are husband and
wife and share beneficial ownership of these shares. Mr. Reed is a Named Executive Officer; Ms. Reed is not a Named Executive
Officer. Includes 60
000 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(5)
Includes 50
000 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options and 133
201 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable
warrants.
(6)
Includes 30
000 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(7)
Includes 130
500 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(8)
Includes 153
750 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(9)
Includes 19
950 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(10)
Includes 19
950 shares issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable options.
(11)
Principal address is 280 Congress Street
 12th Floor
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210. Includes 3
143
333 shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants. Also includes 2
266
667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the
Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $3
400
000.



    
    


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

Our
board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction
 arrangement or relationship
between Reed&rsquo;s and one of our executive officers
 directors
 director nominees or 5% or greater stockholders (or their immediate
family members)
 each of whom we refer to as a &ldquo;related person
&rdquo; in which such related person has a direct or indirect
material interest.

If
a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction
 arrangement or relationship
 defined as a &ldquo;related party transaction
&rdquo;
the related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the
proposed related party transaction to be reviewed and
 if deemed appropriate
 approved by the Governance Committee. Our Governance
Committee is comprised of John Bello
 Lewis Jaffe and Scott R. Grossman. Mr. Jaffe serves as Chairman. The board of directors
has determined all of the members of the Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange Listed
Company Manual. If practicable
 the reporting
 review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance
review and approval is not practicable
 the Governance Committee will review
 and
 in its discretion
 may ratify the related party
transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually at a minimum. The related party
transactions listed below were reviewed by the full board of directors. Prior to August 2005
 we did not have independent directors
on our board to review and approve related party transactions. The Governance Committee shall review future related party transactions.


The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2018 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under &ldquo;Executive Compensation&rdquo;). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to or better than terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions.

Lindsay
Martin
 the daughter of John Bello
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 is employed by Reed&rsquo;s at a salary of $136
000. She received
a performance bonus in 2019 in the amount of $15
000. Ms. Martin was also granted options to purchase 200
000 shares of common
stock of the Company pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s shareholder approved incentive compensation plan
 an amount commensurate
with her position and Company policies.

On
December 31
 2018
 the Company sold its Los Angeles manufacturing facility to California Custom Beverage
 LLC (&ldquo;CCB&rdquo;)
an entity 100% owned by Chris Reed
 the Company&rsquo;s founder and Chief Innovation Officer (the &ldquo;Plant Sale&rdquo;). The
Plant Sale included substantially all machinery
 equipment
 furniture and fixtures of the facility
 as well as all contracts
permits
 intellectual property and inventory pertaining to our non-strategic private label business. The sales price consisted
of $1.25 million in cash
 and CCB assumed our lease obligation on the California real property
 which aggregated $1.3 million
at December 31
 2018. The Company recognized a gain of $180
000 on the sale. We will receive a 5% royalty on CCB&rsquo;s private
label sales to existing customers for three years and a 5% referral fee on CCB&rsquo;s private label sales to referred customers
for three years. Additionally
 we have entered into a three year co-packing agreement with CCB
 whereby CCB will produce Reed&rsquo;s
beverages in glass bottles at prevailing West Coast market rates. By the terms of the sale
 CCB reimbursed Reed&rsquo;s for certain
costs such as sales tax arising from the transaction and prepayments as of December 31
 2018. Such costs aggregated $195
000.
Additionally we have agreed to provide at cost certain transitional services to CCB during the month of January 2019
 including
procurement of inventory
 insurance coverage
 and transitional services with respect to payroll. The cost of these services will
aggregate approximately $200
000.

Raptor
SPV LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;) is the Company&rsquo;s largest shareholder
 beneficially owning 32.8% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding
common stock as of December 31
 2018. Mr. Daniel J. Doherty III has an indirect material interest as principal and significant
shareholder of Raptor. During fiscal 2018 and 2017 the Company entered into the following transactions with Raptor:

On
April 21
 2017
 pursuant to a securities purchase agreement
 Reed&rsquo;s sold and issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable
note in the principal amount of $3
400
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock to Raptor. The note bears
interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded monthly on a 360-day year/30-day month basis. The note is secured by a second
priority security interest in the Company&rsquo;s assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest of Rosenthal
&amp; Rosenthal
 Inc. The note may not be prepaid and originally matured on April 21
 2019. The maturity date was subsequently
extended to April 21
 2021. The note may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company.
The original conversion price of the note was $3.00
 and this conversion price was subsequently reduced to $1.75
 and again to
$1.50. The warrant will expire on April 21
 2019 and had an original exercise price equal to $4.00 per share
 which exercise price
was subsequently reduced to $1.50. The note and warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions and the shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion of the note and exercise of the warrant have been registered on Form S-1. Raptor SPV LLC was also granted
a right to participate in future financing transactions of the Company for a term of two years. The Company reimbursed Raptor
for direct costs totaling $157
000 incurred to issue the note.


    
    


On
July 13
 2017
 we entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Raptor SPV LLC to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of
our common stock. The repriced warrants have an exercise price per share of $1.50 and were revised to modify language pertaining
to &ldquo;Fundamental Transactions&rdquo;. Restrictions upon exercise were waived as to the repriced warrants. Reed&rsquo;s received
gross proceeds of $1
150
000 from Raptor&rsquo;s exercise of the repriced warrants. We also issued to Raptor additional second
tranche warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares of our common stock and additional third tranche warrants to purchase up to
60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing six months from
the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00. The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance
for a term of five years
 with an exercise price equal to $1.55. Raptor was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting observer
to our board of directors for so long as Raptor or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the date hereof
 Raptor
has not made such an appointment.

On
December 6
 2017
 we entered into a backstop agreement with Raptor
 whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from us a minimum of $6
million of units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and one-half warrant to purchase common
stock
 pursuant to its subscription rights and in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. In the rights
offering
 Raptor exercised its basic and over-subscription rights to purchase 2
666
667 units and acquired 2
666
667 shares of
common stock and warrants to purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4
000
000. In
addition
 pursuant to the backstop commitment agreement
 as amended
 the Company issued to Raptor warrants to purchase 750
000
shares of common stock. These warrants have an exercise price equal to $1.50
 are not exercisable for a term of 180 days from
the date of issuance
 have a cashless exercise feature and registration rights.

On
October 4
 2018
 the Company entered into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal
 Inc. (&ldquo;Rosenthal&rdquo;)
replacing its existing credit facility with PMC. The new credit facility is for a term of 2.5 years and provides for borrowings
of up to $13
000
000. Borrowings are based upon eligible accounts receivable and inventory
 plus up to $4
000
000 of additional
borrowing beyond those amounts (the &ldquo;Over-Advance&rdquo;). The Over-Advance is guaranteed by an irrevocable stand-by letter
of credit in the amount of $1
500
000
 issued by Daniel J. Doherty III and the Daniel J. Doherty
 III 2002 Family Trust
 affiliates
of Raptor. Mr. Doherty is also a member of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors. In the event of a default under the financing
agreement
 Raptor has a put option to purchase from Rosenthal the entire amount of any outstanding Over-Advance plus accrued interest
prior to Rosenthal declaring an event of default under the financing agreement. If Raptor exercises the option
 Rosenthal will
release its first priority security interest on all intellectual property collateral of the Company to Raptor and terminate the
letter of credit. As part of the transaction
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable
Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000
000 in the event that Raptor exercises its put option
described above. Consequently
 the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&rsquo;s outstanding warrants to purchase the Company&rsquo;s
common stock was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10. On December 18
 2019
 Raptor executed and amendment to its transaction documents
excluding LA plant collateral from its secured assets.

In
the first quarter of 2019
 Raptor waived its participation rights with respect to the company&rsquo;s underwritten public offering.



    
    


Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Weinberg
&amp; Company
 P.A. (&ldquo;Weinberg&rdquo;) was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December
31
 2018 and 2017.

The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Weinberg for the years ended
December 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    

    
    
    

Audit
    Fees
183
614
170
392

Audit-Related
    Fees
    
    

Tax
    Fees
32
627
24
800

All
    Other Fees
92
830
85
089

    
309
071
280
281



As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees

Weinberg
provided services for the audits of our financial statements included in Annual Reports on Form 10-K and limited reviews of the
financial statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.

Audit
Related Fees

Weinberg
did not provide any professional services which would be considered &ldquo;audit related fees.&rdquo;

Tax
Fees

Weinberg
prepared our 2018 and 2017 Federal and state income tax returns.

All
Other Fees

Services
provided by Weinberg with respect to the filing of various registration statements made throughout the year are considered &ldquo;all
other fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The SEC&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.

Consistent
with the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 the Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services
and permitted non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to us or any of our subsidiaries.
The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does
 the decisions of that
member must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Accordingly
 100% of audit services and non-audit
services described in this Item 14 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.



    
    



PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)
1. Financial Statements

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

2.
Financial Statement Schedules

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3.
Exhibits

See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Exhibits

See
Item 15(a) (3) above.

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules

See
Item 15(a) (2) above.

Item
16. Form 10K Summary

Not
applicable.


    
    






In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



Date:
    April 1
 2019
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
a
    Delaware corporation

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Valentin Stalowir

    
    
Valentin
    Stalowir

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Valentin Stalowir
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
April
                                         1
 2019


Valentin
    Stalowir
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Iris Snyder
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
April
                                         1
 2019


Iris
    Snyder 
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer) 
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    John Bello
    
Chairman
    of the Board
    
April
                                         1
 2019


John
    Bello
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Christopher J. Reed
    
Chief
    Innovation Officer
 Director
    
April
                                         1
 2019


Christopher
    J. Reed
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lewis Jaffe
    
    
    
April
                                         1
 2019


Lewis
    Jaffe
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Daniel J. Doherty III
    
    
    
April
                                         1
 2019


Daniel
    J. Doherty III
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    James C. Bass
    
    
    
April
                                         1
 2019


James
    C. Bass
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Scott R. Grossman
    
    
    
April
                                         1
 2019


Scott
    R. Grossman
    
    
    
    



    
    




EXHIBIT
INDEX



    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 7
 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
    Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 27
 2004 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed December 18
 2007 (Incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156908))

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Designations
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed October 12
 2004 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Correction to Certificate of Designations as filed November 10
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Reed&rsquo;s
    Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 as filed October 10
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 3.6 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 ( File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 as filed December 17
 2018
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of Reed&rsquo;s Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-220184))

    
    

    
Form
    of common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Form
    of Series A preferred stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration
    Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Form
    of Warrant issued to investors dated June 2
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Placement
    Agent Warrant issued to Maxim Group LLC dated June 2
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued November 9
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued October 1
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Form
    of 2017-1 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
    April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form
    of 2017-2 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
    April 24
 2017)



    
    




    
Form
    of Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Promissory Note dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit
    4.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form
    of 2017-3 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Form
    of 2017-4 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Form
    of Warrant Certificate issued in 2018 rights offering (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Form
    of Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 (File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Form
    of Warrant issuable to Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV
 LLC pursuant to Backstop Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    4.14 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 ( File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Placement
    Agent Agreement by and between Maxim Group LLC and Reed&rsquo;s Inc. dated May 26
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit
    10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Securities
    Purchase Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and purchasers signatory thereto dated May 26
 2016 (Incorporated by reference
    to exhibit 10.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Registration
    Rights Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and purchasers signatory thereto dated May 26
 2016 (Incorporated by reference
    to exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
2007
    Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Form 10-K filed March 27
 2009)

    
    

    
2015
    Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Registration
    Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-203469)
 as filed April 17
 2015)

    
    

    
Amended
    and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and PMC Financial Services
 LLC dated December 5
    2014 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended
    March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Amendment
    Number One Standard Industrial Commercial Single Tenant Lease-Net by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and 525 South Douglas Street
    LLC dated May 7
 2009 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q
    for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Securities
    Purchase Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by
    reference to exhibit 10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Second
    Lien Security Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated
    by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated
    by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)



    
    




    
Amendment
    Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and PMC Financial Services Group
    LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Warrant
    Exercise Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated July 13
 2017 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Form
    of Warrant Exercise Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and three investors dated July 13
 2017 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Executive
    Employment Agreement effective as of June 28
 2017 by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Valentin Stalowir (Incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 13
 2017)

    
    

    
2017
    Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form S-8 (File No. 333-222741))

    
    

    
Form
    of Backstop Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV
 LLC(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.16 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-220184))

    
    

    
Executive
    Employment Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Stefan Freeman dated October 4
 2017 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 29
 2019)

    
    

    
Financing
    Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal Inc. dated October 4
 2018 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2018
 as filed November
    14
 2018)

    
    

    
Inventory
    Security Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal Inc. dated October 4
 2018 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2018
 as
    filed November 14
 2018)

    
    

    
Intellectual
    Property Security Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal Inc. dated October 4
 2018 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2018
 as
    filed November 14
 2018)

    
    

    
Security
    Interest (short form) by Reed&rsquo;s Inc. in favor of Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal Inc. dated October 4
 2018 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2018
 as
    filed November 14
 2018)

    
    

    
Subordination
    Agreement by and among Rosenthal &amp; Rosenthal Inc.
 Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC and Reed&rsquo;s Inc. dated October 4
    2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September
    30
 2018
 as filed November 14
 2018)

    
    

    
First
    Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents by and between Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC and Reed&rsquo;s
    Inc. dated October 4
 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for
    the period ended September 30
 2018
 as filed November 14
 2018)

    
    

    
Sublease
    Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc.
 Merritt 7 Venture L.L.C.
 and GE Capital US Holdings
 Inc.
 dated September 1
    2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September
    30
 2018
 as filed November 14
 2018)




    
    





    
Separation
    Settlement and Release of Claims Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Daniel V. Miles dated August 15
 2018 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2018
 as
    filed November 14
 2018)

    
    

    
Amendment
    to Transaction Documents dated December 18
 2018 by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor Harbor Reed&rsquo;s SPV LLC
    previously filed with this registration statement on Form S-3.

    
    

    
Asset
    Purchase Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and California Custom Beverage LLC dated December 31
 2018 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 as amended
 dated December 31
 2018)

    
    

    
Assignment
    and Assumption of Lease and Consent of Lessor by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and California Custom Beverage LLC dated December
    31
 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 as amended
 dated December 31
 2018)

    
    

    
Transition
    Services Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and California Custom Beverage LLC dated December 31
 2018. (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 as amended
 dated December 31
 2018)

    
    

    
Referral
    Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and California Custom Beverage LLC dated December 31
 2018 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 as amended
 dated December 31
 2018)

    
    

    
Form
    of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and officers and directors
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Code
    of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File
    No. 333-157359))





    
Subsidiaries
    of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Consent
    of Weinberg &amp; Co.
 P.A.
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 filed herewith.

    
    

    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Indicates
    a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

    
    

    
In
                                         accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not
                                         filed.
        
XBRL
        (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
        or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes
        of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these
        sections.



    
    














     




EXHIBIT
3.7

CERTIFICATE
OF AMENDMENT OF
CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION OF
REED&rsquo;S
INC.

Reed&rsquo;s
Inc.
 a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the &ldquo;Corporation&rdquo;)
does hereby certify:

FIRST:
That the Board of Directors of the Corporation has duly adopted resolutions (i) authorizing the Corporation to execute and file
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (this &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;)
to increase its authorized capital stock to Seventy Million Five Hundred Thousand (70
500
000)
 of which Seventy Million (70
000
000)
shall be shares of Common Stock having a par value of $.0001 per share and Five Hundred Thousand (500
000) shall be shares of
Preferred Stock having a par value of $10.00 per share; and (ii) declaring this Amendment to be advisable
 submitted to and considered
by the stockholders of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon for approval by the affirmative vote of such stockholders in accordance
with the terms of the Corporation&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation
 as previously amended (the &ldquo;Certificate of Incorporation&rdquo;)
and Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the &ldquo;DGCL&rdquo;) and recommended for approval
by the stockholders of the Corporation.

SECOND:
That thereafter
 pursuant to resolutions of its Board of Directors
 at the annual meeting of the stockholders of said Corporation
duly called and held upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
 the necessary
number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the Amendment.

THIRD:
That this Amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and the provisions of Section
242 of the DGCL by the Board of Directors and stockholders of the Corporation.

FOURTH:
The Certificate of Incorporation is amended by amending Article IV thereof to read in its entirety as follows:

The
total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is Seventy Million Five Hundred Thousand
(70
500
000)
 of which Seventy Million (70
000
000) shall be shares of Common Stock having a par value of $.0001 per share and
Five Hundred Thousand (500
000) shall be shares of Preferred Stock having a par value of $10.00 per share. The Preferred Stock
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors is hereby authorized
 subject to limitations prescribed
by law
 to fix by resolution or resolutions the designations
 powers
 preferences
 and rights and the qualifications
 limitations
or restrictions thereof
 of each such series of Preferred Stock
 including without limitation
 authority to fix by resolution
or resolutions the dividend rights
 dividend rate
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 rights and terms of redemption (including
sinking fund provisions)
 redemption price or prices
 and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock
and the number of shares constituting such series and the designation thereof
 or any of the foregoing. The Board of Directors
is further authorized to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below
the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series
 the number of which was fixed by
it
 subsequent to the issue of shares of such series then outstanding
 subject to the powers
 preferences
 and rights and the
qualifications
 limitations
 and restrictions thereof stated in the resolution of the Board of Directors originally fixing the
number of shares of such series. If the number of shares of any series is so decreased
 then the shares constituting such decrease
shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such
series.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the
President of the Corporation on December 17
 2018.



    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Valentin Stalowir

    
Name:
    
Valentin
    Stalowir

    
Title:
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer



    
    













     






REED&rsquo;s
INC.

FORM
OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

THIS
&rdquo;) is made and entered into as of ______________
 2019 between
REED&rsquo;s
 Inc.
&rdquo;)
 and ______________ (&ldquo;

WITNESSETH
THAT:

WHEREAS
highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or in other capacities unless they are
provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions
against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation;

WHEREAS
although the furnishing of liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities
has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises
 the Company
believes that
 given current market conditions and trends
 such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time
 directors
 officers
 and other persons in service to corporations or business
enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to
 among other things
 matters
that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The Bylaws and Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled
&rdquo;). The Bylaws
and Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not
exclusive
 and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors
officers and other persons with respect to indemnification;

WHEREAS
the uncertainties relating to liability insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining
such persons;

WHEREAS
the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests
of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty
of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS
it is reasonable
 prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify
 and to advance expenses
on behalf of
 such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the
Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified;


    
    


WHEREAS
this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and any resolutions
adopted pursuant thereto
 and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor
 nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee
thereunder; and

WHEREAS
Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation and insurance
as adequate in the present circumstances
 and may not be willing to serve as a director and/or officer without adequate protection
and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve
 continue to serve and to take on
additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and

WHEREAS
Indemnitee has or may have certain rights to indemnification and/or insurance provided by other entities and/or organizations
which Indemnitee and such other entities and/or organizations intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company
to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein
 with the Company&rsquo;s acknowledgement and agreement to the foregoing being a material
condition to Indemnitee&rsquo;s willingness to serve on the Board.

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of Indemnitee&rsquo;s agreement to serve as a director and/or officer from and after the date hereof
the parties hereto agree as follows:



    
Indemnity
    of Indemnitee


The
Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law
 as such may be amended
from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification
 and without limiting the generality thereof:

(a)
. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification
provided in this Section l(a) if
 by reason of his Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined)
 the Indemnitee is
 or is threatened
to be made
 a party to or participant in any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other than a Proceeding by or in the right of
the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a)
 Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses (as hereinafter defined)
 judgments
penalties
 fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him
 or on his behalf
 in connection with
such Proceeding or any claim
 issue or matter therein
 if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company
 and with respect to any criminal Proceeding
 had no reasonable
cause to believe the Indemnitee&rsquo;s conduct was unlawful.

(b)
. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in
this Section 1(b) if
 by reason of his Corporate Status
 the Indemnitee is
 or is threatened to be made
 a party to or participant
in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(b)
 Indemnitee shall be indemnified against
all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee
 or on the Indemnitee&rsquo;s behalf
 in connection with such
Proceeding if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company; provided
 however
 if applicable law so provides
 no indemnification against such Expenses
shall be made in respect of any claim
 issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged to be
liable to the Company unless and to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall determine that such indemnification
may be made.


    
    


(c)
. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement
 to the extent that Indemnitee is
 by reason of his Corporate Status
 a party to and is successful
 on the merits or
otherwise
 in any Proceeding
 he shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law
 as such may be amended from time
to time
 against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee
is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful
 on the merits or otherwise
 as to one or more but less than all
claims
 issues or matters in such Proceeding
 the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim
 issue or matter. For purposes of this Section
and without limitation
 the termination of any claim
 issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal
 with or without prejudice
shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim
 issue or matter. If a reasonably competent counsel engaged to defend
solely the successfully resolved claim
 issue or matter would have incurred an item of Expenses in defending the successfully
resolved claim
 issue or matter that item of Expenses is covered irrespective of whether the item also benefited the defense of
an unsuccessfully resolved claim
 issue or matter.

(d)
. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more venture capital funds that
&rdquo;)
 (ii) the Appointing Stockholder is
 or is
threatened to be made
 a party to or a participant in any proceeding
 then the Appointing Stockholder will be entitled to indemnification
hereunder for Expenses to the same extent as Indemnitee
 but only to the extent that Indemnitee is or would be entitled to indemnification
hereunder in the same or any related action or proceeding
 and provided that any such indemnification shall be subject to the
same limitations set forth herein with respect to Indemnitee.



    
Additional
    Indemnity


In
addition to
 and without regard to any limitations on
 the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement
 the Company
shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses
 judgments
 penalties
 fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf if
 by reason of his Corporate Status
 he is
 or is threatened
to be made
 a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company)
 including
without limitation
 all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation
that shall exist upon the Company&rsquo;s obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated
to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures
 and subject to the presumptions
 set forth
in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful.


    
    




    
    


(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available
 in respect of any threatened
 pending or
completed action
 suit or proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action
suit or proceeding)
 the Company shall pay
 in the first instance
 the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such action
suit or proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any
right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any action
 suit or proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action
 suit or proceeding) unless such
settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(b)
Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in this Agreement
 including but not limited to the
obligations set forth in the preceding subparagraph and in Section 1
 if
 for any reason
 Indemnitee shall elect or be required
to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit or proceeding in
which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action
 suit or proceeding)
 the Company shall
contribute to the amount of Expenses
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid
or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers
 directors or employees
of the Company
 other than Indemnitee
 who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action
 suit or proceeding)
on the one hand
 and Indemnitee
 on the other hand
 from the transaction from which such action
 suit or proceeding arose; provided
however
 that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may
 to the extent necessary to conform to law
 be further
adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers
 directors or employees of the Company other than
Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action
 suit or proceeding)
 on the one hand
and Indemnitee
 on the other hand
 in connection with the events that resulted in such expenses
 judgments
 fines or settlement
amounts
 as well as any other equitable considerations which the Law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company
and all officers
 directors or employees of the Company
 other than Indemnitee
 who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such action
 suit or proceeding)
 on the one hand
 and Indemnitee
 on the other hand
 shall be determined by reference
to
 among other things
 the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage
 the degree
to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive.

(c)
The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought
by officers
 directors or employees of the Company
 other than Indemnitee
 who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

(d)
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law
 if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever
 the Company
 in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee
 shall contribute to the amount incurred
by Indemnitee
 whether for judgments
 fines
 penalties
 excise taxes
 amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses
in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement
 in such proportion as is deemed fair and
reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the
Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative
fault of the Company (and its directors
 officers
 employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or
transaction(s).


    
    




    
Indemnification
    for Expenses of a Witness


Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement
 to the extent that Indemnitee is
 by reason of his Corporate Status
 a witness
 or is made
(or asked to) respond to discovery requests
 in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party
 he shall be indemnified against
all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.



    
Advancement
    of Expenses


Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement
 the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection
with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitee&rsquo;s Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company
of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time
 whether prior to or after
final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee
and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced
if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and
undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free.



    
Procedures
    and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification


(a)
It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under
the DGCL and public policy of the State of Delaware. Accordingly
 the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions
shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement:

(b)
To obtain indemnification under this Agreement
 Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request
 including therein or
therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine
whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall
 promptly upon receipt
of such a request for indemnification
 advise the Board of Directors in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company
 or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion
 shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless
 and to the extent that
such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company.



    
    


(c)
Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof
 a determination
with respect to Indemnitee&rsquo;s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods
which shall be at the election of the board: (1) by a majority vote of the disinterested directors
 even though less than a quorum
(2) by a committee of disinterested directors designated by a majority vote of the disinterested directors
 even though less than
a quorum
 (3) if there are no disinterested directors or if the disinterested directors so direct
 by independent legal counsel
in a written opinion to the Board of Directors
 a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee
 or (4) if so directed by
the Board of Directors
 by the stockholders of the Company. For purposes hereof
 disinterested directors are those members of
the board of directors of the Company who are not parties to the action
 suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification
is sought by Indemnitee.

(d)
If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof
 the
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board
of Directors. Indemnitee may
 within 10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been given
 deliver to the Company
a written objection to such selection; provided
 however
 that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent
&rdquo; as defined in Section 13
of this Agreement
 and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and
timely objection
 the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated
 the
Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has
determined that such objection is without merit. If
 within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification
pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof
 no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to
 either the Company or Indemnitee
may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection
which shall have been made by the Indemnitee to the Company&rsquo;s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment
as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate
 and the person
with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section
6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent
Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof
 and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses
incident to the procedures of this Section 6(c)
 regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(e)
In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder
 the person or persons or entity making such
determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this
presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure
of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct
 nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct
 shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.


    
    


(f)
Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee&rsquo;s action is based on the records or books of account
of the Enterprise
 including financial statements
 or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise
(as hereinafter defined) in the course of their duties
 or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information
or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert
selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition
 the knowledge and/or actions
 or failure to act
 of any director
officer
 agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification
under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(e) are satisfied
 it shall in any event be presumed
that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion
by clear and convincing evidence.

(g)
If the person
 persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor
 the requisite
determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification
absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact
 or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee&rsquo;s
statement not materially misleading
 in connection with the request for indemnification
 or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law; provided
 however
 that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time
 not to exceed an additional
thirty (30) days
 if the person
 persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in
good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided
further
 that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification
is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt
by the Company of the request for such determination
 the Board of Directors or the Disinterested Directors
 if appropriate
 resolve
to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five
(75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat
 or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within
fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination
 such meeting is held for such purpose within
sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat.

(h)
Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person
 persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee&rsquo;s entitlement
to indemnification
 including providing to such person
 persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or
information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and
reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Independent Counsel
 member of the Board of Directors or stockholder of the Company
shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination regarding the Indemnitee&rsquo;s entitlement to indemnification
under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating
with the person
 persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination
as to Indemnitee&rsquo;s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless
therefrom.


    
    


(i)
The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party
to avoid expense
 delay
 distraction
 disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any action
 claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee
is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including
 without limitation
 settlement
of such action
 claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee
has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such action
 suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption
shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

(j)
The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim
 issue or matter therein
 by judgment
 order
 settlement or conviction
 or upon
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
 shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely
affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner
which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or
 with respect to any criminal Proceeding
that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.



    
Remedies
    of Indemnitee


(a)
In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement
 (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement
 (iii) no determination
of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within 90 days after receipt by the Company
of the request for indemnification
 (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to this Agreement within ten (10) days
after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within ten (10) days
after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been
made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement
 Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State
of Delaware
 or in any other court of competent jurisdiction
 of Indemnitee&rsquo;s entitlement to such indemnification. Indemnitee
shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right
to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 7(a). The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee&rsquo;s right to seek any such
adjudication.

(b)
In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification
 any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo
trial on the merits
 and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b).

(c)
If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7
 absent (i) a
misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact
 or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee&rsquo;s misstatement
not materially misleading in connection with the application for indemnification
 or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law.


    
    


(d)
In the event that Indemnitee
 pursuant to this Section 7
 seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under
 or to recover damages
for breach of
 this Agreement
 or to recover under any directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance policies maintained
by the Company
 the Company shall pay on his behalf
 in advance
 any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition
of Expenses in Section 13 of this Agreement) actually and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication
 regardless
of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification
 advancement of expenses or insurance recovery.

(e)
The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures
and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid
 binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company
is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and
 if
requested by Indemnitee
 shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance
 to
the extent not prohibited by law
 such expenses to Indemnitee
 which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action
brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance policies maintained by the Company
 regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined
to be entitled to such indemnification
 advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery
 as the case may be.

(f)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
 no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement
shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding.



    
Non-Exclusivity;
    Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation


(a)
The rights of indemnification as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee
may at any time be entitled under applicable law
 the Certificate of Incorporation
 the Bylaws
 any agreement
 a vote of stockholders
a resolution of directors or otherwise
 of the Company. No amendment
 alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision
hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such
Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment
 alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL
 whether
by statute or judicial decision
 permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation
Bylaws and this Agreement
 it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits
so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy
 and
every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder
 or otherwise
 shall not
prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.


    
    


(b)
To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors
 officers
employees
 or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit
plan or other enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company
 Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or
policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director
 officer
 employee
agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies. If
 at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms
hereof
 the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect
 the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement
of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter
take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay
 on behalf of the Indemnitee
 all amounts payable as a result
of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(c)
The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has or may have in the future certain rights to indemnification
 advancement of
expenses and/or insurance provided by other entities and/or organizations (collectively
&rdquo;).
The Company hereby agrees (i) that it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e.
 its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any
obligation of the Fund Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred
by Indemnitee are secondary)
 (ii) that it shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by Indemnitee and
shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses
 judgments
 penalties
 fines and amounts paid in settlement to the extent
legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company
(or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee)
 without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against the Fund
Indemnitors
 and
 (iii) that it irrevocably waives
 relinquishes and releases the Fund Indemnitors from any and all claims against
the Fund Indemnitors for contribution
 subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees
that no advancement or payment by the Fund Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee
has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Fund Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution
and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company.
The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Fund Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms of this Section
8(c). For the avoidance of doubt
 nothing in this Agreement or Section 8(c) limits or is intended to limit the obligations of
the Company&rsquo;s directors and officer liability insurance provider
 if any
 to the Company pursuant to any policy of directors
and officers liability insurance paid for by the Company.

(d)
Except as provided in paragraph (c) above
 in the event of any payment under this Agreement
 the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Fund Indemnitors)
 who shall
execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights
 including execution of such documents as are
necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

(e)
Except as provided in paragraph (c) above
 the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts
otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any
insurance policy
 contract
 agreement or otherwise.


    
    


(f)
Except as provided in paragraph (c) above
 the Company&rsquo;s obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee
who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of any other corporation
 partnership
joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received
as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit
plan or other enterprise.



    
Exception
    to Right of Indemnification


Notwithstanding
any provision in this Agreement
 the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with
any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a)
for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision
except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision
 provided
 that
the foregoing shall not affect the rights of Indemnitee or the Fund Indemnitors set forth in Section 8(c) above;

(b)
for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company
within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or similar provisions of state statutory
law or common law;

(c)
in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee
 including any Proceeding (or any part
of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors
 officers
 employees or other indemnitees
 unless
(i) the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or
(ii) the Company provides the indemnification
 in its sole discretion
 pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable
law; .

(d)
with respect to remuneration paid to Indemnitee if it is determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such remuneration
was in violation of law (and
 in this respect
 both the Company and Indemnitee have been advised that the Securities and Exchange
Commission believes that indemnification for liabilities arising under the federal securities laws is against public policy and
is
 therefore
 unenforceable and that claims for indemnification should be submitted to appropriate courts for adjudication
 as
indicated in the last paragraph of this Section 9 below);

(e)
a final judgment or other final adjudication is made that Indemnitee&rsquo;s conduct was in bad faith
 knowingly fraudulent or
deliberately dishonest or constituted willful misconduct (but only to the extent of such specific determination); or

(f)
on account of conduct that is established by a final judgment as constituting a breach of Indemnitee&rsquo;s duty of loyalty to
the Company or resulting in any personal profit or advantage to which Indemnitee is not legally entitled.


    
    


For
purposes of this Section 9
 a final judgment or other adjudication may be reached in either the underlying proceeding or action
in connection with which indemnification is sought or a separate proceeding or action to establish rights and liabilities under
this Agreement.

Any
provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding
 the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to
indemnify Indemnitee or otherwise act in violation of any undertaking appearing in and required by the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933
&rdquo;)
 or in any registration statement filed with
the SEC under the Act. Indemnitee acknowledges that paragraph (h) of Item 512 of Regulation S-K currently generally requires the
Company to undertake in connection with any registration statement filed under the Act to submit the issue of the enforceability
of Indemnitee&rsquo;s rights under this Agreement in connection with any liability under the Act on public policy grounds to a
court of appropriate jurisdiction and to be governed by any final adjudication of such issue. Indemnitee specifically agrees that
any such undertaking shall supersede the provisions of this Agreement and to be bound by any such undertaking.



    
Duration
    of Agreement


All
agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall be effective during the period Indemnitee is an officer or director
of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise) and shall continue in effect at all times thereafter. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including
any direct or indirect successor by purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company)
 assigns
 spouses
 heirs
 executors and personal and legal representatives.



    
    


To
the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company
 the Company may at any time and from
time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company&rsquo;s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of
credit
 funded trust or other collateral. Any such security
 once provided to Indemnitee
 may not be revoked or released without
the prior written consent of the Indemnitee.



    
    


(a)
The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby
in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company
 and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee
is relying upon this Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company.

(b)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings
 oral
 written and implied
 between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof.


    
    




    
    


For
purposes of this Agreement:

(a)
&rdquo; describes the status of a person who is or was a director
 officer
 employee
 agent
or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise
that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(b)
&rdquo; means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding
in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(c)
&rdquo; shall mean the Company and any other corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee
benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a director
officer
 employee
 agent or fiduciary.

(d)
&rdquo; shall include all reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
 retainers
 court costs
 transcript costs
fees of experts
 witness fees
 travel expenses
 duplicating costs
 printing and binding costs
 telephone charges
 postage
 delivery
service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting
 defending
preparing to prosecute or defend
 investigating
 participating
 or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding
 or responding
to
 or objecting to
 a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection
with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding and any federal
 state
 local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result
of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement
 including without limitation the premium
 security for
and other costs relating to any cost bond
 supersede as bond
 or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses
 however
 shall
not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(e)
&rdquo; means a law firm
 or a member of a law firm
 that is experienced in matters of
corporation law and neither presently is
 nor in the past five years has been
 retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee
in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement
 or
of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements)
 or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim
for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing
&rdquo; shall not include
any person who
 under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing
 would have a conflict of interest in representing
either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee&rsquo;s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees
to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all
Expenses
 claims
 liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.


    
    


(f)
&rdquo; includes any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit
 arbitration
 alternate dispute
resolution mechanism
 investigation
 inquiry
 administrative hearing or any other actual
 threatened or completed proceeding
whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
 in
which Indemnitee was
 is or will be involved as a party or otherwise
 by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer
or director of the Company
 by reason of any action taken by him or of any inaction on his part while acting as an officer or
director of the Company
 or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director
 officer
employee
 agent or fiduciary of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other Enterprise; in each case whether
or not he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification
can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement
 but excluding one initiated
by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement.



    
    


The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law
 such
provision shall be deemed modified
 consistent with the aforementioned intent
 to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict.



    
Modification
    and Waiver


No
supplement
 modification
 termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the
parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other
provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.



    
Notice
    By Indemnitee


Indemnitee
agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons
 citation
 subpoena
complaint
 indictment
 information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification
covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee
under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company.



    
    


All
notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively
given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified
 (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent
during normal business hours of the recipient
 and if not so confirmed
 then on the next business day
 (c) five (5) days after
having been sent by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 or (d) one (1) day after deposit
with a nationally recognized overnight courier
 specifying next day delivery
 with written verification of receipt. All communications
shall be sent:



    
    
To
    Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto.

    
    
    

    
    
To
    the Company at:

    
    
    

    
    
13000
    South Spring Street

    
    
Los
    Angeles
 CA 90061

    
    
Attention:
    ____________


or
to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee
 as the case may
be.


    
    




    
    


This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature and in two or
more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



    
    


The
headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this
Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.



    
Governing
    Law
 Consent to Jurisdiction
 and Interpretation


This
Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by
 and construed and enforced in accordance with
 the laws
of the State of Delaware
 without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
(i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery
&rdquo;)
 and not in any other state or federal court in
the United States of America or any court in any other country
 (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware
Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
 (iii) appoint
 to the extent
such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware
 irrevocably the Corporation Trust Company
as its agent in the State of Delaware as such party&rsquo;s agent for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such
action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within
the State of Delaware
 (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court
and (v) waive
 and agree not to plead or to make
 any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has
been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. Any interpretation or construction of this Agreement shall be made in accordance
with the intent of this Agreement as expressed in the first sentence of Section 6. Any ambiguity shall be interpreted in favor
of indemnification and advancement of expenses. Grants of indemnification and advancement of expenses shall be interpreted broadly.
Limitations on indemnification and advancement of expenses shall be interpreted narrowly.

Signature
Page Follows


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first indicated above.



    
    

    
    

    
REED&rsquo;s
    INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Name:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
    













     








REED&rsquo;S
 INC.







    
    













     






CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


in the previously filed Registration Statements of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. on Form S-3 (Nos. 333- 212206
 333-218679
 333-220184
 333-223037
333-229105
 333-172614
 333-164965)
 Form S-1 (No. 333-221059) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-203469
 333-222741 and 333-178623) of
our report
 dated April 1 2019
 appearing in the annual report on Form 10K for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.




WEINBERG&amp; COMPANY
 P.A.
    

    
    

Los Angeles
 California
    

April 1
 2019
    






    
    













     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Valentin Stalowir
 certify that:



    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: April 1
 2019
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





    
    













     







CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Iris Snyder
 certify that:



    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: April 1
 2019
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    













     







CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2018
 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief:


the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

    
    

Date: April 1
 2019
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    













     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2018
 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Iris Snyder
 Chief Financial Officer of the
Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that
 to the best of her knowledge and belief:


the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

    
    

Date: April 1
 2019
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
























        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    

    

    

    

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use assets under operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computer hardware and software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
048
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(431
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;677
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3
596
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Unvested Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(406
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Vested Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(123
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3
744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;8.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;678

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&amp;#160;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

266
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
266

897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37


744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;677

544
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
307


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31

    
    




    
    




    

 Reed&amp;#8217;s is America&amp;#8217;s best-selling Ginger Beer brand and has been the leader and innovator in the ginger beer&#13;category for decades. Virgil&amp;#8217;s is America&amp;#8217;s best-selling independent
 full line of natural craft sodas. The Reed&amp;#8217;s&#13;Inc. portfolio is sold in over 30
000 retail doors nationwide. Reed&amp;#8217;s Ginger Beers are unique due to the proprietary process&#13;of using fresh ginger root combined with a Jamaican inspired recipe of natural spices and fruit juices. The Company uses this same&#13;handcrafted approach in its award-winning Virgil&amp;#8217;s line of great tasting

 the Company performed a complete&#13;operational review and developed a detailed action plan to capture performance improvements
 drive core brand growth
 and become&#13;a premier &amp;#8220;asset-light&amp;#8221; sales and marketing organization. On December 31
 2018
 this culminated in the sale of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s Los Angeles manufacturing facility (see Note 3)

 2018
&#13;the Company recorded a net loss of $10
325 and used cash in operations of $9
258. As of December 31
 2018
 we had a cash balance&#13;of $624
 a stockholder&amp;#8217;s deficit of $6
743 and a working capital shortfall of $3
297
 compared to a cash balance of $12
127
&#13;stockholder&amp;#8217;s equity of $508 and working capital of $2
303 at December 31

 2018 and subsequently

 the Company completed&#13;the relocation of its headquarters to Norwalk
 Connecticut. The Company&amp;#8217;s move is consistent with its focus on a streamlined&#13;sales and marketing organization that is better positioned for future growth and enhanced profitability. The new Norwalk office&#13;serves as headquarters for the Company&amp;#8217;s operations
 business development
 sales and marketing
 finance
 supply chain
 HR&#13;and other corporate functions. With key leadership already based in the Tri-State area
 including support agencies leading the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s marketing
 advertising and public relations efforts

 2018
 the Company entered&#13;into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp;#38; Rosenthal
 Inc.
 which replaced its existing credit facility with PMC. See Note&#13;7. The Company&amp;#8217;s annual debt service requirements
 on an annualized basis
 were reduced by approximately $1
500 as a result&#13;of the refinancing. The new credit facility is for a term of 2.5 years
 and provides for borrowings of up to $13
000. Concurrently&#13;with the execution of the financing agreement
 all obligations to PMC under the Company&amp;#8217;s existing credit facility were repaid&#13;in full in an aggregate amount of $8
758. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has $1

 2018
 we completed the&#13;sale of substantially all of the assets of our Los Angeles manufacturing facility (the &amp;#8220;Plant Sale&amp;#8221;). See Note 3. We&#13;received $1
250 in cash
 and the buyer assumed our lease obligation on the California property
 relieving us of annual lease payments&#13;of approximately $420. The Plant Sale also effectively eliminates our costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity. With&#13;the sale of our plant
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s production is subcontracted to co-packers
 which assemble our products and charge&#13;us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products they produce. Management believes that we begin 2019 solidly positioned as an&#13;asset light Company
 able to focus all of our attention and resources on driving accelerated growth and building our brands
 with&#13;capital flexibility
 a reduced need for capital expenditures

 2019
 the Company entered&#13;into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an&#13;overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the offering
 net of the underwriting discount&#13;and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14
905. The proceeds will be used to fund our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop&#13;and launch new products

 we have financed our operations&#13;through public and private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred and common stock
 convertible debt instruments
 term loans&#13;and credit lines from financial institutions

 we believe the Company will be able to reduce its operating costs sufficiently to still achieve positive cash flow&#13;from operations. However
 there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future&#13;to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we may have&#13;insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing


 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
&#13;and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&#13;Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives&#13;of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred tax assets

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2018 and&#13;2017
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was $623 and $601

 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations&#13;of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&amp;#8217;s estimates of&#13;future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete&#13;inventory. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the reserve for inventory obsolescence aggregated $197 and $509


 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the&#13;asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset

 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment Held for Sale. During the year ended&#13;December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5

 so classified because we anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually.&#13;Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine&#13;whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is more likely than not the asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value&#13;of our asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash&#13;flows

 2018 impairment&#13;testing
 we determined that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
 because we do not&#13;currently offer Sonoma Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 we reduced the&#13;book value of this asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments were noted&#13;during the year ended December 31

 the Company&amp;#8217;s policy&#13;is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its credit facility. From time to time
&#13;however
 the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. To&#13;minimize the risk

 2018
&#13;the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 24% and 17% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2017
 the Company had two customers that accounted for 23% and 16% of its sales

 2018
 the Company&#13;had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 36% and 19% of total accounts receivable
 respectively. As of December&#13;31
 2017
 the Company had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 25% and 14% of its total accounts receivable

&#13;2018 and 2017
 respectively
 the Company utilized three separate co-packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products&#13;in the eastern United States. With the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale
 the Company no longer conducts a manufacturing operation
&#13;accordingly it utilizes co-packers to produce 100% of its products as of that date. The Company has long-standing relationships&#13;with two different co-packers
 and in conjunction with the Plant Sale we entered into a third co-packing agreement with California&#13;Custom Beverage LLC (&amp;#8220;CCB&amp;#8221;)
 the purchaser of the plant (see Note 3). CCB is 100% owned by Chris Reed
 founder of the&#13;Company and current Chief Information Officer and director. Although there are other packers
 a change in co-packers may cause&#13;a delay in the production process

&#13;2018
 the Company&amp;#8217;s two largest vendors accounted for 16% and 13% of its purchases
 respectively. During the year ended December&#13;31
 2017
 the Company made 20%
 of its purchases from a single vendor. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 accounts payable to the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;largest vendor comprised 24% and 20% of our total accounts payable

 other than the&#13;quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables

 2018
 and December&#13;31
 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets included warrant liabilities aggregating $38 and $36 respectively

&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President
 who reviews&#13;operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance
&#13;which is based on a management approach to segment reporting
 establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly&#13;and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services
 major customers
 and the countries in which the entity&#13;holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under &amp;#8220;Segment Reporting&amp;#8221;&#13;due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement
&#13;manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment

 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold includes direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished&#13;goods are determined on a market cost basis


 inspection
 warehousing
 transfer freight

 deferred taxes are provided&#13;for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting&#13;purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more&#13;likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&#13;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&amp;#8220;ASC 606&amp;#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize&#13;revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at the amount expected to be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step&#13;model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which include (1) identifying the&#13;contract or agreement with a customer
 (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement
 (3) determining&#13;the transaction price
 (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations
 and (5) recognizing revenue&#13;as each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1
 2018


 and contracts with customers contain no incentives or discounts&#13;that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed before the customer&#13;obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the customer. Revenue&#13;and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer


&#13;except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically been insignificant.&#13;Because of this
 the stand-alone nature of our products
 and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction pricing&#13;for our sales contracts

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2018 and 2017 were approximately $3
872 and $4
004


 2018&#13;and 2017

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

266
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
266

897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37


744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;677

544
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
307

&#13;2018 and 2017

 whereby the value of the award is&#13;measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. Such grants&#13;issued and vesting to non-employees are valued on the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance&#13;commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Awards&#13;granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective&#13;period. As the awards vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value&#13;already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance&#13;requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or restricted stock

 in&#13;accordance with &lt;i&gt;ASC 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;

 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of&#13;the stock options or restricted stock

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance&#13;sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees&#13;for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 2018. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating $862
 and lease liabilities of the same amount
 as of&#13;that date. In accordance with ASU 2016-02
 the right-of-use assets are being depreciated over the life of the underlying leases

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-11
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral&#13;for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling&#13;Interests with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2017-11&amp;#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature&#13;when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&amp;#8217;s own&#13;stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required&#13;to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
&#13;and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat&#13;the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing&#13;basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities&#13;will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.&#13;The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not&#13;expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2018-07
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Improvements to Non-Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221;&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASU 2018-07&amp;#8221;). ASU 2018-07 generally aligns the measurement and classification of share-based awards to non-employees&#13;with that of share-based awards to employees. Non-employee equity awards will be measured at the fair value of the equity instruments&#13;to be issued
 as of the grant date
 and the resulting amount will be recognized as expense over the expected or contractual term&#13;of the award. The ASU applies to all share-based payments to nonemployees in exchange for goods or services used or consumed in&#13;an entity&amp;#8217;s own operations. It does not apply to instruments issued to a lender or investor in a financing transaction
 or&#13;to instruments granted when selling goods or services to customers. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after&#13;December 15
 2018

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2018-13
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework &amp;#8211; Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair&#13;Value Measurement.&amp;#8221; ASU 2018-13 amends certain disclosure requirements pertaining to fair value measurement
 and is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2018-13&#13;is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants


&#13;first-out) or market

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials and Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5

 2018 and 2017
 totaled $197 and $509


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use assets under operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computer hardware and software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

 2018 and 2017 totaled $86 and $551

 2018
 the Company completed&#13;the sale of its Los Angeles manufacturing facility. See Note 3. The sale included substantially all machinery
 equipment
 furniture&#13;and fixtures of the facility. In anticipation of the sale
 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment Held for&#13;Sale. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&amp;#160;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2

 2018 consists&#13;of residual manufacturing equipment
 at estimated net realizable value


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31

 but are tested for impairment annually. During our December 31
 2018 impairment testing
 we determined&#13;that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
 because we do not currently offer Sonoma&#13;Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 we reduced the book value of this&#13;asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments were noted during the year ended&#13;December 31


 Leases
 effective&#13;October 1
 2018. The Standard requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability at the inception&#13;of the lease
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating&#13;$862 as of October 1
 2018
 utilizing a discount rate of 12.6%. That amount consists of new leases on the Company&amp;#8217;s Norwalk&#13;office and certain office equipment of $730
 and existing capitalized leases reclassified to right of use assets of $132. The amount&#13;of such reclassification as of December 31

 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 generally on a&#13;straight-line basis. Had ASU 2016-02 been adopted as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
 such rent expense for the&#13;years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 would have aggregated $45 and $82

 the right-of-use&#13;assets are being amortized over the life of the underlying leases. Had ASU 2016-02 been adopted as of the beginning of the earliest&#13;period presented
 amortization of right of use asset would have aggregated $49 and $182 during the years ended December 31
 2018&#13;and 2017

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unamortized valuation discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net financing obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long term financing obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

&#13;the Company leased two buildings and certain of its brewery equipment (the majority of the assets of our Los Angeles plant). The&#13;transaction was accounted for as a long-term financing arrangement
 and the proceeds from the sale were recorded as a financing&#13;obligation in the initial amount of $3

 the Company issued an aggregate of 600
000 warrants to purchase its common stock. The 600
000 warrants&#13;were valued at an initial aggregate amount of $1
336
 which was recorded as a valuation discount at the date of issuance. The discount&#13;was being amortized over fifteen years
 the term of the purchase option. The balance of the unamortized valuation discount at December&#13;31
 2017 was $714. Amortization of valuation discount was $110 for each of the years ended December 31

 2018
 the Company completed&#13;its Plant Sale (see Note 3). As part of the transaction the buyer assumed our financing obligation
 which aggregated $1.3 million
&#13;net of unamortized valuation discount of $604
 as of that date. By the terms of the sale CCB assumed the monthly payments on the&#13;obligation effective immediately upon closing of the sale. Our release from the obligation by the lessor
 however
 is dependent&#13;upon CCB&amp;#8217;s deposit of $1.2 million of security with the lessor no later than December 31
 2019. Mr. Reed has placed 800
000&#13;of his shares of Reed&amp;#8217;s stock in escrow


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31





 2017
 pursuant to a Securities&#13;Purchase Agreement
 the Company issued to Raptor a Secured
 Convertible
 Subordinated
 Non-Redeemable Note (the &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;)&#13;in the original principal amount of $3
400 and warrants to purchase 1
416

 compounded monthly. It is secured by the Company&amp;#8217;s assets
 subordinate to the first priority security interest&#13;of Rosenthal (see Note 7). The Note may not be prepaid and matures on April 21
 2021. It may be converted
 at any time and from&#13;time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. Net of transaction costs
 the Company received proceeds from the Note&#13;of $3
083. The principal balance of the Note was $3
400 at December 31

302 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Of this amount
 $3
083 was recorded as a valuation&#13;discount
 and the $219 excess of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance date over the amount allocated to valuation&#13;discount was accounted for as a financing cost. The Company recognized a total debt discount at issuance of $3
400 consisting of&#13;the fair value of the warrant liability of $3
083 and cash offering costs of $317. The debt discount was being amortized over the&#13;term of the note. Amortization of the note discount through December 12
 2017 was $1
191 and the unamortized debt discount at that&#13;date was $2

 2017
 in connection&#13;with the reduction of the offering price in the Rights Offering (see Note 12) to $1.50
 the Company amended the Note
 reducing&#13;the conversion price from $3.00 to $1.50. The Company determined that
 under the provisions of ASC Topic 470-50
 such modification&#13;resulted in a change of more than 10% of the fair value of the Note
 and the transaction should be recorded as an extinguishment.&#13;Accordingly
 we removed the $3
400 original Note and $2
209 of unamortized discount from our Balance Sheet
 and recorded the new&#13;note at fair value. The Company retained an independent third-party valuation firm to calculate the fair value of the new note.&#13;Using discounted cash flow and Black-Scholes methods the fair value was determined to be $4
823. Accordingly
 a new obligation&#13;in the amount of $3
400 was recorded and the corresponding premium of $1
423
 representing the excess of the fair value over the&#13;face value of the Note
 was reflected as an increase in additional paid in capital. A loss of $3

 2018
 in connection with&#13;the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible&#13;Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 (see Note 7). In consideration therefore
&#13;the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&amp;#8217;s outstanding warrants was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase&#13;in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model


 in order to incentivize performance by employees
 directors
 and consultants

 2017
 the 2017 Compensation&#13;Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) was approved by our shareholders. Initially it provided for the issuance of up to 3
000
000 shares.&#13;On December 13
 2018 our shareholders approved a 3
500

 2018
 1
947
715 shares are&#13;issuable under the Plan
 and 27

 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either &amp;#8220;incentive stock options&amp;#8221; within&#13;the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &amp;#8220;non-qualified stock options&amp;#8221;. The Plan is currently administered&#13;by the board of directors. The exercise price of an option granted under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value&#13;per share of common stock on the date of the grant of the option. Options may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth&#13;anniversary of the adoption of the plan. Incentive stock options granted to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting&#13;power of the common stock cannot be exercisable for more than five years. When an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the&#13;underlying stock is received in cash
 except that the plan administrator may permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination&#13;of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise price

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
048
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(431
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;677
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3
596
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Unvested Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(406
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Vested Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(123
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3
744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;8.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;678

 2018
 which was $2.07

 2018
 options to purchase 311
000&#13;shares of common stock were issued to certain employees of the Company pursuant to the Plan. One half of these options vest annually&#13;over a four-year period; the other half of will vest based on performance criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion.&#13;The $386 fair value of the options is being amortized through December 31

 2018
 the Company issued options&#13;to purchase 748
000 shares of common stock to certain employees
 officers and Directors pursuant to the Plan. One half of these&#13;options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of these options will vest based on performance criteria to be established&#13;by the Board at its discretion. The $1
190 fair value of the options is being amortized through July 31

 2018
 the Compensation Committee&#13;granted options to purchase 1
653
950 shares of common stock to certain current employees
 officers and Directors pursuant to the&#13;Plan. One half of these options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of these options will vest based on performance&#13;criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion. The $1
540 fair value of the options is being amortized through March&#13;31

 on March 28
 2018
 the Compensation&#13;Committee approved the repricing of 100
000 options issued to former Chief Financial Officer Dan Miles pursuant to the 2015&#13;Plan to the market price of $1.60

 2018
 pursuant to its employment&#13;agreement with Valentin Stalowir dated June 28
 2017
 the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Stalowir options to purchase 412
736&#13;shares of common stock
 which are subject to shareholder approval to increase the number of shares available under the Plan
 and&#13;are not otherwise issuable until January 2019. One half of these options will vest annually over a four-year period; the other&#13;half of these options will vest based on performance criteria to be established by the Board. The fair value of these options of&#13;$389 is being amortized through March 31

 2018
 the Compensation Committee&#13;granted to Mr. Stalowir options to purchase 371
268 shares of stock
 pursuant to the Plan and his employment agreement with the&#13;Company. The options have an exercise price of $1.70
 vest over 18 months

 2017
 the&#13;Company granted 60
000 options
 with a fair value of $39
 to purchase the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a weighted average exercise&#13;price of $2.20



161 and $276 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of December 31
&#13;2018
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $2
691 which will be amortized to compensation expense as the options vest

 2018

573
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;285
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$2.20-$3.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;940
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;202
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$3.75 to $5.04 &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;230
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;678


 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;854
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(256
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;256
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(656
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;598

 2018
 in accordance with his employment&#13;agreement with the Company
 the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Stalowir 412

 2018
 Mr. Stalowir was awarded&#13;371
268 shares of restricted common stock with a fair value of $631
 pursuant to the Plan and in accordance with his employment&#13;agreement with the Company. The award vests over eighteen months
 and the fair value of the grant is being amortized to compensation&#13;expense through June 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 185

 the Compensation&#13;Committee granted an aggregate of 70
588 shares of restricted common stock to the Company&amp;#8217;s independent Directors pursuant&#13;to the Plan. The shares vested and were issued in four equal installments during 2018

 which may include restrictions&#13;on the sale of such shares or the right to receive dividends thereon. Additionally
 the restricted common stock is subject to a&#13;risk of forfeiture
 generally upon termination of employment or service during the vesting period. Vesting may be dependent upon&#13;the recipient&amp;#8217;s continued relationship with the Company

 2018
 an&#13;aggregate of $820 was recognized as compensation expense relative to restricted stock awards. As of December 31
 2018
 the amount&#13;of unvested compensation related to restricted stock awards was $592



 2018&#13;and 2017

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

266
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
266

897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37


744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;677

544
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
307


 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial&#13;statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those&#13;estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable&#13;lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred&#13;tax assets


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-11
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral&#13;for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling&#13;Interests with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2017-11&amp;#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature&#13;when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&amp;#8217;s own&#13;stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required&#13;to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
&#13;and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat&#13;the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing&#13;basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities&#13;will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.&#13;The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not&#13;expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2018-07
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Improvements to Non-Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221;&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASU 2018-07&amp;#8221;). ASU 2018-07 generally aligns the measurement and classification of share-based awards to non-employees&#13;with that of share-based awards to employees. Non-employee equity awards will be measured at the fair value of the equity instruments&#13;to be issued
 as of the grant date
 and the resulting amount will be recognized as expense over the expected or contractual term&#13;of the award. The ASU applies to all share-based payments to nonemployees in exchange for goods or services used or consumed in&#13;an entity&amp;#8217;s own operations. It does not apply to instruments issued to a lender or investor in a financing transaction
 or&#13;to instruments granted when selling goods or services to customers. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after&#13;December 15
 2018

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2018-13
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework &amp;#8211; Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair&#13;Value Measurement.&amp;#8221; ASU 2018-13 amends certain disclosure requirements pertaining to fair value measurement
 and is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2018-13&#13;is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants


 the Company&amp;#8217;s policy&#13;is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its credit facility. From time to time
&#13;however
 the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. To&#13;minimize the risk

 2018
&#13;the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 24% and 17% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2017
 the Company had two customers that accounted for 23% and 16% of its sales

 2018
 the Company&#13;had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 36% and 19% of total accounts receivable
 respectively. As of December&#13;31
 2017
 the Company had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 25% and 14% of its total accounts receivable

&#13;2018 and 2017
 respectively
 the Company utilized three separate co-packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products&#13;in the eastern United States. With the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale
 the Company no longer conducts a manufacturing operation
&#13;accordingly it utilizes co-packers to produce 100% of its products as of that date. The Company has long-standing relationships&#13;with two different co-packers
 and in conjunction with the Plant Sale we entered into a third co-packing agreement with California&#13;Custom Beverage LLC (&amp;#8220;CCB&amp;#8221;)
 the purchaser of the plant (see Note 3). CCB is 100% owned by Chris Reed
 founder of the&#13;Company and current Chief Information Officer and director. Although there are other packers
 a change in co-packers may cause&#13;a delay in the production process

&#13;2018
 the Company&amp;#8217;s two largest vendors accounted for 16% and 13% of its purchases
 respectively. During the year ended&#13;December 31
 2017
 the Company made 20%
 of its purchases from a single vendor. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 accounts payable&#13;to the Company&amp;#8217;s largest vendor comprised 24% and 20% of our total accounts payable


 other than the&#13;quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables

 2018
 and December&#13;31
 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets included warrant liabilities aggregating $38 and $36 respectively


&#13;first-out) or market

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials and Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unamortized valuation discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net financing obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long term financing obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31






 issuance






 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(5)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Risk free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expected Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;53.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expected life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;4.77 to 4.89 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;418
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
626
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;280
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
906
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1

 2016&#13;for 418

 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants&#13;to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s issuance of the Convertible&#13;Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111 warrants to three accredited investors that are&#13;party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26

 2017
 the three accredited investors&#13;referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. The Company increased the terms&#13;of their outstanding 280

 2017 warrant exercise agreements&#13;with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock.&#13;The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants&#13;were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &amp;#8220;fundamental transaction

 the investors exercised&#13;warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650.&#13;The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to&#13;additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549&#13;warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need&#13;for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033

 2017&#13;for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability was&#13;$3
275 for the year ended December 31

 2018&#13;for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the fair value of the warrant liability was&#13;$2 for the year ended December 31

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

    



    

    
    


    

    



    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


 our independent directors&#13;will be issued restricted common stock valued at $30
000 pursuant to the 2017 plan

 2019
 the Company entered&#13;into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an&#13;overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the offering
 net of the underwriting discount&#13;and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14
906. The proceeds will be used to fund our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop&#13;and launch new products

 Inc. assuming the public offering described above occurred on December 31




550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2

608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Inventory



938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Property and equipment

492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7






980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(6

235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(6

255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Leases payable


235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(6


591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;14
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;68




906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8

492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7


733
750 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock for net proceeds of $14
906
 of which $6

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;854
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(256
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;256
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(656
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;598

    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    





    
    




    
    
    
    


    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;803
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
643
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
122
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
325
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;428
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    
    
    


    

    


    




    

    



    

    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    



    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2018
 the Company received&#13;a letter of intent from California Custom Beverage
 LLC
 (&amp;#8220;CCB&amp;#8221;); an entity owned by Chris Reed
 founder
 CIO and board&#13;member of Reed&amp;#8217;s; for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Company&amp;#8217;s Los Angeles plant (the &amp;#8220;Plant&#13;Sale&amp;#8221;). Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $5
925 in 2017
 the difference&#13;between the offer terms and the net book value of the assets to be sold

 2018
 the Plant Sale&#13;was completed. The Plant Sale included substantially all machinery
 equipment
 furniture and fixtures of the facility
 with a net&#13;book value of $2
300 after 2017 impairment charges. Additionally
 all contracts
 permits
 intellectual property and inventory pertaining&#13;to our non-strategic private label business were included in the sale. These private label assets were internally developed by&#13;the Company and had nominal book value as of the date of sale. The sales price consisted of $1
250 in cash
 and CCB assumed our&#13;lease obligation on the California real property
 which aggregated $1
300 at December 31
 2018. The Company recognized a gain of&#13;$180 on the sale

 however
 is dependent upon CCB&amp;#8217;s deposit of $1.2 million of security with the lessor no later than&#13;December 31
 2019. Mr. Reed has placed 800
000 of his shares of Reed&amp;#8217;s stock in escrow

 we have entered into a three year co-packing agreement with CCB

 CCB reimbursed&#13;the Company for certain costs such as sales tax arising from the transaction and prepayments as of December 31. Such costs aggregated&#13;$195
 which is reflected as Receivable from Related Party on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31
 2018. Additionally
&#13;we have agreed to provide at cost certain transitional services to CCB during the month of January 2019
 including procurement&#13;of inventory
 insurance coverage

&#13;we granted registration rights to a group of our current shareholders
 including Chairman John Bello and certain institutional&#13;investors
 with respect to an aggregate of 350
000 shares of our common stock. We agreed to use our commercially reasonable best&#13;efforts to register those 350
000 shares for resale with the SEC
 and we have not yet done so. The shares may be sold pursuant&#13;to Rule 144 beginning July 1


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31




947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10



 2018
 the Company entered&#13;into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &amp;#38; Rosenthal
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Rosenthal&amp;#8221;)
 for a line of credit to replace its&#13;existing credit facility. The Rosenthal line of credit is for a term of 2.5 years and provides for borrowings of up to $13
000.&#13;Borrowings are based upon eligible accounts receivable and inventory
 plus up to $4

 plus an additional 2% to 3.5% depending upon whether the borrowing is&#13;based upon receivables
 inventory or is an Over-Advance. The effective interest rate as of December 31
 2018 on outstanding borrowings&#13;was 8.3%. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to monthly facility and administration fees

 consisting primarily of broker
 bank and legal fees
 and the $161 cost of the warrant modification discussed&#13;below and in Note 10. These costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over the 2.5 year life of the Rosenthal agreement.&#13;Amortization was $75 for the year ended December 31

 the Over-Advance is guaranteed by an irrevocable stand-by letter of credit in the&#13;amount of $1
500
 issued by Daniel J. Doherty III and the Daniel J. Doherty
 III 2002 Family Trust
 affiliates of Raptor/Harbor&#13;Reeds SPV LLC (&amp;#8220;Raptor&amp;#8221;). Raptor beneficially owns 27.1% of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding common stock as of December&#13;31
 2018. Mr. Doherty is a member of the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors. In the event of a default under the financing agreement
&#13;Raptor has a put option to purchase from Rosenthal the entire amount of any outstanding Over-Advance plus accrued interest

 the Company&#13;issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances&#13;of up to $4
000 in the event that Raptor exercises its put option described above. Consequently
 the exercise price of 750
000&#13;of Raptor&amp;#8217;s outstanding warrants to purchase the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting&#13;in an increase in the fair value of the warrants of $161. This amount has been reflected as a capitalized finance cost

&#13;including our ability to utilize tangible and intangible assets as collateral for other indebtedness&lt;/font&gt;. Additionally
 the&#13;agreement contains a financial covenant that requires us to meet certain minimum working capital and tangible net worth thresholds&#13;as of the end of each quarter. As of December 31
 2018 we did not meet the working capital and tangible net worth requirements.&#13;Rosenthal granted us a waiver for the December 31
 2018 violation
 and as a result of our February 2019 public offering (see Note&#13;17) the violation was cured prior to the next measurement date of March 31
 2019. In all other respects

 the Company had a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;PMC&#13;Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 which included a $6
000 Revolving Line of Credit
 a $3
000 Term Loan
 and a Capital Expansion Loan (&amp;#8220;CAPEX&#13;Loan&amp;#8221;). Upon execution of the financing agreement with Rosenthal
 all obligations under the PMC Agreement were repaid in&#13;full in an aggregate amount of $8


153 and $1
458 for the years ended December 31



2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;803
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
643
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
122
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
325
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;428
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

 2018 and&#13;2017
 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration Dates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration Dates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;5.600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;September 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;5.600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;September 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;125
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;May 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;125
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;May 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;October 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;October 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;November 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;November 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;72
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;72
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;784
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;April 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;784
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;April 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;87
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;87
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;512
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;512
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4
238
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4
666
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;6
897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;7
325

 we record the fair market value of the warrants
&#13;as determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 as a financing cost at date of issuance. Such financing costs&#13;aggregated $0 and $1
480 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

 however
&#13;contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders.&#13;For accounting purposes
 in accordance with &lt;i&gt;ASC 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;

 2018
 which was $2.07. Warrants for which the exercise price is higher than $2.07 have no intrinsic value as&#13;of December 31

 2017
 in conjunction with the&#13;issuance of a Convertible Note to Related Party (see Note 10)
 the Company issued warrants for the purchase of 1
416
667 shares&#13;of common stock to Raptor. The warrants contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the&#13;Company to pay cash to the warrant holders
 accordingly these warrants are accounted for as liabilities. The fair value of the&#13;warrants was determined to be $3
302 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Of this amount
 $3
083 was recorded as&#13;a debt valuation discount

 in anticipation of the April&#13;21 transaction
 warrants to purchase an additional 210
111 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at the exercise price of&#13;$3.00 were granted to three accredited investors that are party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26

 2017 financing. In consideration
 these investors&amp;#8217;&#13;participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company&#13;increased the terms of their outstanding 280

 2017
 the Company entered into&#13;warrant exercise agreements with Raptor and the three accredited investors
 by which the Company repriced previously issued warrants&#13;as an inducement to exercise. A total of 1
906
925 warrants were repriced
 including those issued in April 2017. The warrants&amp;#8217;&#13;exercise prices were lowered from $3.00 and $4.00 per share to $1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification&#13;of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1

 the investors exercised&#13;warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650.&#13;The fair value of the warrants at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional&#13;paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549 warrants agreed&#13;to modify the language of the fundamental transaction provision to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability&#13;classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033

&#13;the Company issued to the investors
 pro rata based on the number of shares each investor exercised
 a second tranche of warrants&#13;to purchase 512
560 shares of our common stock and on July 19
 2017 a third tranche of warrants to purchase 87
745 shares of our&#13;common stock. The second tranche of warrants have a term of 5 years

 in accordance with a December&#13;28
 2017 Rights Offering
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $2.025&#13;per share. Additionally
 as compensation for a definitive backstop commitment from Raptor
 the Company issued to Raptor 750

 2018
 in connection with the&#13;execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible&#13;Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 (see Note 7). In consideration therefore
&#13;the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&amp;#8217;s outstanding warrants was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase&#13;in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model

 2018
 a&#13;total of 428
005 warrants were exercised
 including cashless exercises
 resulting in the issuance of 414

 certain of our warrant agreements&#13;contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders.&#13;Such warrants are accounted for as liabilities at fair value. The fair value is remeasured at each reporting period

 issuance






 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(5)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Risk free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expected Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;53.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expected life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;4.77 to 4.89 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;418
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
626
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;280
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
906
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1

 2016&#13;for 418

 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants&#13;to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s issuance of the Convertible&#13;Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111 warrants to three accredited investors that are&#13;party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26

 2017
 the three accredited investors&#13;referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. The Company increased the terms&#13;of their outstanding 280

 2017 warrant exercise agreements&#13;with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock.&#13;The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants&#13;were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &amp;#8220;fundamental transaction

 the investors exercised&#13;warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650.&#13;The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to&#13;additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549&#13;warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need&#13;for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033

 2017&#13;for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability was&#13;$3
275 for the year ended December 31

 2018&#13;for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the fair value of the warrant liability was&#13;$2 for the year ended December 31


 5% non-cumulative
 non-voting
&#13;participating preferred stock
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share. 500
000 shares are authorized. As of December&#13;31
 2018 and 2017
 there were 9

&#13;pro-rata and non-cumulative. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 at the discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common&#13;stock based on its then fair market value. The Company cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities common stock&#13;until the holders of the Preferred Stock have received their annual dividend. In addition

 dissolution&#13;or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event as defined
 the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled&#13;to receive
 prior to distributions to the holders of common stock
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
&#13;all remaining assets are distributed pro rata among all security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 the Company has the right
 but not&#13;the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 the original issue price

 at the option of the holder
 into four shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse&#13;stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification

 the holders of the&#13;Preferred Stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including the election of directors. However
 so long as any shares&#13;of Preferred Stock are outstanding
 the Company shall not
 without the approval of a majority of the preferred stockholders
 authorize&#13;or issue any equity security having a preference over the Preferred Stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or&#13;voting

 2018 and&#13;2017
 the Company &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;paid dividends &lt;/font&gt;on the Preferred Stock through the issuance of 1
734&#13;and 1
640 shares of its common stock
 respectively

 2018 our shareholders approved an increase in the authorized number of&#13;common shares from 40
000
000 to 70
000
000. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 70
000
000 and 40
000
000 shares were authorized
&#13;respectively. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 25
729
461 and 24
619
591 shares were outstanding

 the Company conducted a public offering of rights to purchase up to $14 million of&#13;units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock and one-half warrant to purchase one share of common&#13;stock (the &amp;#8220;Rights Offering&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an aggregate of 9
333
333 units consisting&#13;of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 with each warrant exercisable for&#13;one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. The net proceeds to the Company were $12
887 after deducting&#13;all offering costs
 dealer-manager fees of $830

 2017
 the Company entered into&#13;a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&amp;#8220;Backstop Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Raptor whereby Raptor agreed to purchase a minimum&#13;of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in a private placement

000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. The&#13;offering was oversubscribed; accordingly Raptor did not purchase any unregistered units in a private placement under the provisions&#13;of the Backstop Agreement. In connection with the offering

 2017
 the Company sold 117

 2018 the Company issued 37
057 shares of its common stock&#13;to an officer of the Company as compensation for services rendered. The shares had an aggregate value on date of issuance of $100
&#13;which was recorded as compensation expense during the year ended December 31

 2017
 the&#13;Company issued 62

 2018 and 2017
 the Company issued 414
857 and 1
122
376 shares of its common stock
 respectively
&#13;upon the exercise of outstanding warrants
 resulting in cash proceeds to the Company of $828 and $1
150

 2018
 the Company awarded 412
736 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of $660 to Valentin Stalowir
&#13;Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company. The shares are subject to vesting&#13;requirements; accordingly they are reflected Common Stock Issuable as of December 31
 2018. Half of the award
 or 206
368 shares
&#13;will vest during 2019 and the remaining 206

 2018
 Mr. Stalowir was awarded&#13;371
268 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of $631
 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company.&#13;Half of the award
 or 185
634 shares vested and were issued during 2018. The remaining 185

 2018
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;independent directors were awarded a total of 70
588 shares of restricted common stock
 with an aggregate fair value of $120

 2017
 the Company issued&#13;to its independent directors an aggregate of 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $1.70 per share
 or $680 in total
 for services&#13;provided in 2017. These shares were reflected as Common Stock Issuable at December 31
 2017

 2018


 2018 and 2017
 the Company&#13;had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8221;s) to reduce future taxable income. For Federal&#13;purposes the amounts available were approximately $42
000 million and $35
000
 respectively. For state purposes approximately $18
000&#13;was available at December 31
 2018 and 2017. The Federal carryforward expires on various dates through 2035 and the state carryforward&#13;expires in 2019. Given the Company&amp;#8217;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than&#13;not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly


&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position is&#13;measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&#13;As of December 31
 2018 and 2017

&#13;interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2017


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax asset:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred finance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve for asset impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal statutory tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State rate


 amounts&#13;would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew any agreement&#13;with any of their customers; accordingly


 2018. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
&#13;we believe the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
&#13;liquidity


 who is the&#13;Corporate Secretary and the wife of Chris Reed
 to document minutes for the Board of Directors&amp;#8217; meetings. Amounts paid for&#13;her services during each of the years ended December 31

 son of Valentin Stalowir
&#13;Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 was employed as a sales
 merchandising and demo intern during the year ended December 31

 wife of Neal Cohane
 our&#13;Senior Vice President of Sales
 performed administrative and office management services for the Company during the year ended December&#13;31

 daughter of a director&#13;of the Company
 was employed as Vice President of Marketing during the year ended December 31

 Chris Reed (the former Chief&#13;Executive Officer and current Chief Innovation Officer)
 Robert Reed (the brother of Chris Reed)
 and Dan Miles (former Chief Financial&#13;Officer)
 collectively advanced approximately $571 thousand to the Company for working capital uses. In 2017

 the Company issues&#13;stock-based awards to employees
 officers
 and other related parties as compensation for services rendered. See Note 13 for information&#13;as to such transactions during the years ended December 31

 2018
 the Company sold&#13;its Los Angeles manufacturing facility to California Custom Beverage
 LLC (&amp;#8220;CCB&amp;#8221;)
 an entity 100% owned by Chris Reed

&#13;2018 and 2017

 2017
 pursuant to a securities&#13;purchase agreement
 Reed&amp;#8217;s issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable note to Raptor in the principal amount&#13;of $3
400
 and warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock. See Note 10. The Note bears interest at a rate of 12% per&#13;annum
 compounded monthly. It is secured by the Company&amp;#8217;s assets
 subordinate to the first priority security interest of&#13;Rosenthal (see Note 7). The Note may not be prepaid and matures on April 21
 2021. It may be converted
 at any time and from time&#13;to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. Net of transaction costs
 the Company received proceeds from the Note of $3
083.&#13;In connection with the issuance of the note

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into a warrant exercise agreement with Raptor to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of our common stock. The warrants&amp;#8217;&#13;exercise prices were lowered from $3.00 and $4.00 per share to $1.50 per share. Upon modification
 Raptor exercised the warrants&#13;at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
150. The Company also issued to Raptor an additional&#13;second tranche of warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares of our common stock and a third tranche of warrants to purchase up&#13;to 60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing six months&#13;from the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00. The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon&#13;issuance for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to $1.55. Raptor was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting&#13;observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the date hereof

 2017 Rights&#13;Offering (see Note 12)
 Raptor exercised its rights to purchase 2
666
667 units
 thereby acquiring 2
666
667 shares of common stock&#13;and warrants to purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&amp;#8220;Backstop Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Raptor whereby Raptor agreed to purchase&#13;a minimum of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in a private placement
 subject to customary&#13;terms and conditions. Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right and over-subscription privilege as a rights&#13;holder in the Rights Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do so. As compensation for the backstop commitment&#13;the Company issued to Raptor five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750

 2018
 in connection with&#13;the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible&#13;Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 (see Note 7). In consideration therefore
&#13;the exercise price of the 750
000 warrants issued to Raptor on December 6
 2017 was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an&#13;increase in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model


 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2018&#13;and 2017
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was $623 and $601


 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations&#13;of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&amp;#8217;s estimates of&#13;future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and&#13;obsolete inventory. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the reserve for inventory obsolescence aggregated $197 and $509



 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the&#13;asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset

 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment Held for Sale. During the year&#13;ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5


 so classified because we anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually.&#13;Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine&#13;whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is more likely than not the asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value&#13;of our asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash&#13;flows

 2018 impairment&#13;testing
 we determined that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
 because we do&#13;not currently offer Sonoma Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 we reduced&#13;the book value of this asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments were noted&#13;during the year ended December 31


&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President
 who reviews&#13;operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance
&#13;which is based on a management approach to segment reporting
 establishes requirements to report selected segment information&#13;quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services
 major customers
 and the countries in which&#13;the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under &amp;#8220;Segment&#13;Reporting&amp;#8221; due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services;&#13;and procurement
 manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment


 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold includes direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished&#13;goods are determined on a market cost basis



 inspection
 warehousing
 transfer freight


 deferred taxes are provided&#13;for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting&#13;purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more&#13;likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&#13;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&amp;#8220;ASC 606&amp;#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize&#13;revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at the amount expected to be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step&#13;model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which include (1) identifying the&#13;contract or agreement with a customer
 (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement
 (3) determining&#13;the transaction price
 (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations
 and (5) recognizing revenue&#13;as each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1
 2018


 and contracts with customers contain no incentives or discounts&#13;that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed before the customer&#13;obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the customer. Revenue&#13;and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer


&#13;except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically been insignificant.&#13;Because of this
 the stand-alone nature of our products
 and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction pricing&#13;for our sales contracts

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2018 and 2017 were approximately $3
872 and $4
004


&#13;2018 and 2017


 whereby the value of the award is&#13;measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. Such grants&#13;issued and vesting to non-employees are valued on the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance&#13;commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Awards&#13;granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective&#13;period. As the awards vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value&#13;already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance&#13;requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain&#13;assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or restricted stock


 in&#13;accordance with &lt;i&gt;ASC 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;

 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of&#13;the stock options or restricted stock


 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance&#13;sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees&#13;for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 2018. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating $862
 and lease liabilities of the same amount
 as of&#13;that date. In accordance with ASU 2016-02
 the right-of-use assets are being depreciated over the life of the underlying leases

    

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31




947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10




 2018

573
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;285
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$2.20-$3.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;940
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;202
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$3.75 to $5.04 &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;230
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
744
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;678


 2018 and&#13;2017
 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration Dates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration Dates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;5.600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;September 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;5.600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;September 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;125
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;May 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;125
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;May 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;October 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;October 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;November 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;November 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;72
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;72
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3.740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4.250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;June 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;784
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;April 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;784
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;April 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;87
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;87
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;512
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;512
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;July 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4
238
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4
666
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2.030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1.500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;December 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;6
897
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;7
325


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax asset:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred finance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve for asset impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal statutory tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State rate


 Inc. assuming the public offering described above occurred on December 31




550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2

608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Inventory



938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Property and equipment

492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7






980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(6

235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(6

255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Leases payable


235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(6


591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;14
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;68




906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8

492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7


733
750 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock for net proceeds of $14
906
 of which $6

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 each unit consisting of one share of the Company's common stock and one-half warrant to purchase one share of common stock (the Rights Offering). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an aggregate of 9
333
333 units consisting of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
















































 2016 for 418


 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company's common stock in connection with the Company's issuance of the Convertible Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111 warrants to three accredited investors that are party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26


 2017
 the three accredited investors referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. The Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280


 2017 warrant exercise agreements with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a fundamental transaction, eliminating the need to classify the warrants as a warrant liability. Upon modification
 the investors exercised warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650. The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549 warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033


 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275 for the year ended December 31


 2018 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the fair value of the warrant liability was $2 for the year ended December 31























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $623 and $601



      



 net of reserve for obsolescence of $197 and $509



      


      



 net of accumulated depreciation of $342 and $799




 net of impairment reserves of $118 and $5
925



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 less current portion
 net of discount of $714 at December 31



      


      


      


      


      



 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9




 $.0001 par value
 70
000
000 and 40
000
000 shares authorized
 respectively; 25
729
461 and 24
619
591 shares issued and outstanding




 400
000 shares at December 31



      


      


      


      






















































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      


      











 net of offering costs



      






      






      






      


      


      


      






      






      






      






      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      









      


      


      


      

      


      





      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      





      

      


      


      


      

      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      




      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



























































      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      




      


      


      


      

      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      

      

















      









      



 Outstanding






















 Outstanding















 Share Outstanding






      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      























































 Unvested






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


 value


      

      


      









      





      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      




      

      

      

      

      





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      





 net


      

      




      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      








      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      





      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      













      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 Plant


      

      




      

      

      

      










      

      




      








 Future Minimum Payments


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Options
 Nonvested


      

      


 Options
 Vested in Period



 Option
 Nonvested












 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate


      















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2018
Mar. 15
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018













 INC.



























  2018







































































































479
350



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



496
297
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













127



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $623 and $601
 respectively

608


691










Inventory
 net of reserve for obsolescence of $197 and $509
 respectively

380


931












938


948



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation of $342 and $799
 respectively






Equipment held for sale
 net of impairment reserves of $118 and $5
925
 respectively



549












492


476












721


480





483














980


301





















947





235


645



Leases payable
 less current portion






Long term financing obligation
 less current portion
 net of discount of $714 at December 31
 2017



250





161


690



















235


968










Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 shares issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $.0001 par value
 70
000
000 and 40
000
000 shares authorized
 respectively; 25
729
461 and 24
619
591 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively






Common stock issuable
 400
000 shares at December 31
 2017








591


833





431)


101)





743)







492


476

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.






















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts






Inventory
 reserve for obsolescence net






Property and equipment
 accumulated depreciation






Equipment
 impairment reserves



925



Long term financing obligation
 discount






Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value






Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares issued

411


411



Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding

411


411



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

729
461


619
591



Common stock
 shares outstanding

729
461


619
591







000







Equipment
 impairment reserves.




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount of common stock allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of common stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











102


714





424


821





678


893












489


942





879


021





383


754







925












800


642





122)


749)





201)


491)







776)







275







632)





325)


373)












330)


378)












357
566


775
828


































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))


















































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























For the asset that is reclassified back to held and used from held-for-sale
 the amount of impairment charge that is recognized on the reclassification date.





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.


















































































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance at Dec. 31
 2016







971


723)


657)



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

982
230


411









































Common shares issued to a Director of the Company for cash
 shares

647













Common shares issued for cash pursuant to the Rights Offering
 net of offering costs







886




887



Common shares issued for cash pursuant to the Rights Offering
 net of offering costs
 shares

333
333




























Common shares granted to Directors and Officers for services
 shares

365





















650




650



Exercise of warrants
 shares

122
376




























Common stock issuable to the Board
 shares





000

















423




423











634




634

































Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 shares

640























373)


373)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017







833


101)





Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2017

619
591


411


000

















161




161


















Exercise of warrants
 shares

857


























































Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 shares

734




























Shares granted to Directors and Officers for services
 shares

057




























Vested restricted shares granted to Directors and Officers for services
 shares

222




























Common shares issued to Directors and Officers pursuant to previous grants
 shares

000




000)


































325)


325)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2018







591


431)


743)



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2018

729
461


411















Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 net.




























Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 net
 shares..

























































Common stock issuable to the Board
 shares.






















































































Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 shares.













































































































































































Shares granted to Directors and Officers for services
 shares.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.




























Value of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











325)


373)




























379


























161






























925














275)














868














632

































157)














762)


521





190














258)


422)












050



































560


355





204)


438)












947)







000)





































650







087







083





187)


911





503)


676





127









127












351


806














083




























370







634














423

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.









































































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.






















































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.













































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.

























































Amount of cash inflow for the sale of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale
 classified as other.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































Amount of cash outflow for repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLBank) borrowing
 classified as financing activity.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








    
    




    
    




in 1989
 Reed&#8217;s is America&#8217;s best-selling Ginger Beer brand and has been the leader and innovator in the ginger beer
category for decades. Virgil&#8217;s is America&#8217;s best-selling independent
 full line of natural craft sodas. The Reed&#8217;s
Inc. portfolio is sold in over 30
000 retail doors nationwide. Reed&#8217;s Ginger Beers are unique due to the proprietary process
of using fresh ginger root combined with a Jamaican inspired recipe of natural spices and fruit juices. The Company uses this same
handcrafted approach in its award-winning Virgil&#8217;s line of great tasting
 bold flavored craft sodas.


 the Company performed a complete
operational review and developed a detailed action plan to capture performance improvements
 drive core brand growth
 and become
a premier &#8220;asset-light&#8221; sales and marketing organization. On December 31
 2018
 this culminated in the sale of the
Company&#8217;s Los Angeles manufacturing facility (see Note 3)
 marking a fundamental shift in the nature of the Company&#8217;s
operations and the completion of all major initiatives under the action plan.



    
    



 2018
the Company recorded a net loss of $10
325 and used cash in operations of $9
258. As of December 31
 2018
 we had a cash balance
of $624
 a stockholder&#8217;s deficit of $6
743 and a working capital shortfall of $3
297
 compared to a cash balance of $12
127
stockholder&#8217;s equity of $508 and working capital of $2
303 at December 31
 2017.


have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such assumption contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During 2017
 2018 and subsequently
 the Company has
taken a number of steps to improve its cash and liquidity position.


 the Company completed
the relocation of its headquarters to Norwalk
 Connecticut. The Company&#8217;s move is consistent with its focus on a streamlined
sales and marketing organization that is better positioned for future growth and enhanced profitability. The new Norwalk office
serves as headquarters for the Company&#8217;s operations
 business development
 sales and marketing
 finance
 supply chain
 HR
and other corporate functions. With key leadership already based in the Tri-State area
 including support agencies leading the
Company&#8217;s marketing
 advertising and public relations efforts
 this will ensure a seamless transition.


 2018
 the Company entered
into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &#38; Rosenthal
 Inc.
 which replaced its existing credit facility with PMC. See Note
7. The Company&#8217;s annual debt service requirements
 on an annualized basis
 were reduced by approximately $1
500 as a result
of the refinancing. The new credit facility is for a term of 2.5 years
 and provides for borrowings of up to $13
000. Concurrently
with the execution of the financing agreement
 all obligations to PMC under the Company&#8217;s existing credit facility were repaid
in full in an aggregate amount of $8
758. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has $1
201 of unused borrowing capacity under the
financing agreement.


 2018
 we completed the
sale of substantially all of the assets of our Los Angeles manufacturing facility (the &#8220;Plant Sale&#8221;). See Note 3. We
received $1
250 in cash
 and the buyer assumed our lease obligation on the California property
 relieving us of annual lease payments
of approximately $420. The Plant Sale also effectively eliminates our costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity. With
the sale of our plant
 all of the Company&#8217;s production is subcontracted to co-packers
 which assemble our products and charge
us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products they produce. Management believes that we begin 2019 solidly positioned as an
asset light Company
 able to focus all of our attention and resources on driving accelerated growth and building our brands
 with
capital flexibility
 a reduced need for capital expenditures
 and an optimized operating model.


 2019
 the Company entered
into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an
overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the offering
 net of the underwriting discount
and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14
905. The proceeds will be used to fund our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop
and launch new products
 and for general working capital purposes.


 we have financed our operations
through public and private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred and common stock
 convertible debt instruments
 term loans
and credit lines from financial institutions
 and cash generated from operations.


as planned
 we believe the Company will be able to reduce its operating costs sufficiently to still achieve positive cash flow
from operations. However
 there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future
to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we may have
insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing
and product development plans.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    




    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives
of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred tax assets
accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#8217;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#8217;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2018 and
2017
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was $623 and $601
 respectively.



    
    



cost or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a
provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand and our ability to sell
the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products
include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations
of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&#8217;s estimates of
future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete
inventory. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the reserve for inventory obsolescence aggregated $197 and $509
 respectively.



    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.


Angeles facility (see Note 3)
 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment Held for Sale. During the year ended
December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5
925 to reduce the carrying amount of our Los Angeles assets to
the estimated amount we believed to be recoverable.



    
    



brand names acquired
 so classified because we anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine
whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether it is more likely than not the asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value
of our asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash
flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.


 2018 impairment
testing
 we determined that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
 because we do not
currently offer Sonoma Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 we reduced the
book value of this asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments were noted
during the year ended December 31
 2017.



    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250. Generally
 the Company&#8217;s policy
is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its credit facility. From time to time
however
 the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. To
minimize the risk
 the Company&#8217;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions.


 2018
the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 24% and 17% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2017
 the Company had two customers that accounted for 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively. No other customer accounted
for more than 10% of sales in either year.


 2018
 the Company
had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 36% and 19% of total accounts receivable
 respectively. As of December
31
 2017
 the Company had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 25% and 14% of its total accounts receivable
 respectively.
No other customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable in either year.


2018 and 2017
 respectively
 the Company utilized three separate co-packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products
in the eastern United States. With the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale
 the Company no longer conducts a manufacturing operation
accordingly it utilizes co-packers to produce 100% of its products as of that date. The Company has long-standing relationships
with two different co-packers
 and in conjunction with the Plant Sale we entered into a third co-packing agreement with California
Custom Beverage LLC (&#8220;CCB&#8221;)
 the purchaser of the plant (see Note 3). CCB is 100% owned by Chris Reed
 founder of the
Company and current Chief Information Officer and director. Although there are other packers
 a change in co-packers may cause
a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


2018
 the Company&#8217;s two largest vendors accounted for 16% and 13% of its purchases
 respectively. During the year ended December
31
 2017
 the Company made 20%
 of its purchases from a single vendor. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 accounts payable to the Company&#8217;s
largest vendor comprised 24% and 20% of our total accounts payable
 respectively. No other account was more than 10% of our accounts
payable in either year.



    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Accounting
Standards Codification Section 820 defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with
the inputs:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


 other than the
quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on the Company&#8217;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of lease
obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since the interest rates on these obligations are
based on prevailing market interest rates.


 2018
 and December
31
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s balance sheets included warrant liabilities aggregating $38 and $36 respectively
 measured at fair
value based on Level 2 inputs.



    
    



for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221; Topic of the ASC
the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President
 who reviews
operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance
which is based on a management approach to segment reporting
 establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly
and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services
 major customers
 and the countries in which the entity
holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221;
due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement
manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment
 all financial information required by &#8220;Segment
Reporting&#8221; can be found in the accompanying financial statements



    
    



costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold includes direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished
goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related
to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.


operation effective with the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale. See Note 3.



    
    



of purchasing and receiving
 inspection
 warehousing
 transfer freight
 and other costs associated with product distribution after
manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    



approach for accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon
the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided
for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility
is uncertain. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax
expense.



    
    



 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at the amount expected to be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step
model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which include (1) identifying the
contract or agreement with a customer
 (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement
 (3) determining
the transaction price
 (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations
 and (5) recognizing revenue
as each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1
 2018
 and adoption of such standard
had no effect on previously reported balances.


continues to recognize revenue when risk of loss transfers to our customers and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
which generally occurs when product is shipped. A written order from the customer must be received and credit acceptance procedures
performed prior to shipment of product.


contracts with customers requiring performance beyond delivery
 and contracts with customers contain no incentives or discounts
that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed before the customer
obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the customer. Revenue
and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer
 which generally occurs upon shipment
from our facilities. The Company&#8217;s performance obligations are satisfied at that time.


are offered for sale as finished goods only
 and there are no performance obligations required post-shipment for customers to derive
the expected value from them.


except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically been insignificant.
Because of this
 the stand-alone nature of our products
 and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction pricing
for our sales contracts
 we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance for obligations. We assess our contracts
and the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis.


incentives to customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2018 and 2017 were approximately $3
872 and $4
004
 respectively.



    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2018
and 2017
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
2
266
667
    
    
    
2
266
667
    

    
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
7
325
282
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
598
370
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
677
500
    

    
    
    
13
544
362
    
    
    
10
307
093
    




    
    



and are included in selling and marketing expense. Advertising costs aggregated $300 and $285 for the years ended December 31
2018 and 2017
 respectively.



    
    



options and restricted stock awards to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing
costs. The Company accounts for such grants issued and vesting to employees based on ASC 718
 whereby the value of the award is
measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. Such grants
issued and vesting to non-employees are valued on the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance
commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Awards
granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective
period. As the awards vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value
already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance
requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded
in the period of the measurement date.


stock option and restricted stock grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or restricted stock
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model and based on actual
experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense
recorded in future periods.



    
    



to finance operations have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Some of these warrant agreements contain fundamental transaction
provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders. For accounting purposes
 in

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 those warrants with fundamental transaction terms are accounted
for as liabilities given the terms may give rise to an obligation of the Company to the warrant holders. These liabilities are
measured at fair value at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying
Statements of Operations.


Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of
the stock options or restricted stock
 and future dividends. Expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could
materially affect the amount of expense recorded in future periods.



    
    



 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance
sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees
for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements.


October 1
 2018. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating $862
 and lease liabilities of the same amount
 as of
that date. In accordance with ASU 2016-02
 the right-of-use assets are being depreciated over the life of the underlying leases
and monthly lease payments are being recorded as reductions to the lease liability and imputed interest expense. See Note 9 for
additional information.



    
    



 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-11
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral
for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interests with a Scope Exception&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2017-11&#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature
when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&#8217;s own
stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required
to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat
the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing
basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities
will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2018-07
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Improvements to Non-Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&#8221;
(&#8220;ASU 2018-07&#8221;). ASU 2018-07 generally aligns the measurement and classification of share-based awards to non-employees
with that of share-based awards to employees. Non-employee equity awards will be measured at the fair value of the equity instruments
to be issued
 as of the grant date
 and the resulting amount will be recognized as expense over the expected or contractual term
of the award. The ASU applies to all share-based payments to nonemployees in exchange for goods or services used or consumed in
an entity&#8217;s own operations. It does not apply to instruments issued to a lender or investor in a financing transaction
 or
to instruments granted when selling goods or services to customers. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU
2018-13
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework &#8211; Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair
Value Measurement.&#8221; ASU 2018-13 amends certain disclosure requirements pertaining to fair value measurement
 and is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2018-13
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 2018
 the Company received
a letter of intent from California Custom Beverage
 LLC
 (&#8220;CCB&#8221;); an entity owned by Chris Reed
 founder
 CIO and board
member of Reed&#8217;s; for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Company&#8217;s Los Angeles plant (the &#8220;Plant
Sale&#8221;). Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $5
925 in 2017
 the difference
between the offer terms and the net book value of the assets to be sold
 reducing the assets to estimated net realizable value.


 2018
 the Plant Sale
was completed. The Plant Sale included substantially all machinery
 equipment
 furniture and fixtures of the facility
 with a net
book value of $2
300 after 2017 impairment charges. Additionally
 all contracts
 permits
 intellectual property and inventory pertaining
to our non-strategic private label business were included in the sale. These private label assets were internally developed by
the Company and had nominal book value as of the date of sale. The sales price consisted of $1
250 in cash
 and CCB assumed our
lease obligation on the California real property
 which aggregated $1
300 at December 31
 2018. The Company recognized a gain of
$180 on the sale
 net of transaction costs and other customary adjustments.


the monthly payments on our lease obligation (see Note 8) effective immediately upon closing of the sale. Our release from the
obligation by the lessor
 however
 is dependent upon CCB&#8217;s deposit of $1.2 million of security with the lessor no later than
December 31
 2019. Mr. Reed has placed 800
000 of his shares of Reed&#8217;s stock in escrow
 to be sold by him during 2019 for
the purpose of funding the required security deposit.


private label sales to existing customers for three years and a 5% referral fee on CCB&#8217;s private label sales to referred
customers for three years. Additionally
 we have entered into a three year co-packing agreement with CCB
 whereby it will produce
Reed&#8217;s beverages in glass bottles at prevailing West Coast market rates.


 CCB reimbursed
the Company for certain costs such as sales tax arising from the transaction and prepayments as of December 31. Such costs aggregated
$195
 which is reflected as Receivable from Related Party on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31
 2018. Additionally
we have agreed to provide at cost certain transitional services to CCB during the month of January 2019
 including procurement
of inventory
 insurance coverage
 and transitional services with respect to payroll. The cost of these services is expected to
aggregate approximately $200.


our Chief Innovation Officer and a member of our board of directors.


we granted registration rights to a group of our current shareholders
 including Chairman John Bello and certain institutional
investors
 with respect to an aggregate of 350
000 shares of our common stock. We agreed to use our commercially reasonable best
efforts to register those 350
000 shares for resale with the SEC
 and we have not yet done so. The shares may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 beginning July 1
 2019.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
3
053
    
    
    
2
670
    

    
    
    
4
327
    
    
    
3
261
    

    
    
    
7
380
    
    
    
5
931
    



for potentially slow moving and obsolete inventory. The reserve at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 totaled $197 and $509
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








    
    



following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
238
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



31
 2018 and 2017 totaled $86 and $551
 respectively.


 2018
 the Company completed
the sale of its Los Angeles manufacturing facility. See Note 3. The sale included substantially all machinery
 equipment
 furniture
and fixtures of the facility. In anticipation of the sale
 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment Held for
Sale. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5
925 to reduce the carrying amount
of these assets to the amount we estimated to be recoverable.


(in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
&#160;2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
474
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
925
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
549
    



 2018 consists
of residual manufacturing equipment
 at estimated net realizable value
 which management anticipates selling during 2019.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



the Company&#8217;s brand names (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually. During our December 31
 2018 impairment testing
 we determined
that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
 because we do not currently offer Sonoma
Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 we reduced the book value of this
asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments were noted during the year ended
December 31
 2017.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



credit facilities are as follows (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
7
657
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
301
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
947
    

    
    
    
7
657
    
    
    
10
248
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
980
    
    
    
10
248
    



 2018
 the Company entered
into a financing agreement with Rosenthal &#38; Rosenthal
 Inc. (&#8220;Rosenthal&#8221;)
 for a line of credit to replace its
existing credit facility. The Rosenthal line of credit is for a term of 2.5 years and provides for borrowings of up to $13
000.
Borrowings are based upon eligible accounts receivable and inventory
 plus up to $4
000 of additional borrowing beyond those amounts
(the &#8220;Over-Advance&#8221;).


agreement bear interest at the greater of prime or 4.75%
 plus an additional 2% to 3.5% depending upon whether the borrowing is
based upon receivables
 inventory or is an Over-Advance. The effective interest rate as of December 31
 2018 on outstanding borrowings
was 8.3%. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to monthly facility and administration fees
 and aggregate minimum monthly
fees (including interest) of $4.


costs of the transaction
 consisting primarily of broker
 bank and legal fees
 and the $161 cost of the warrant modification discussed
below and in Note 10. These costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over the 2.5 year life of the Rosenthal agreement.
Amortization was $75 for the year ended December 31
 2018.


all of the assets of the Company. Additionally
 the Over-Advance is guaranteed by an irrevocable stand-by letter of credit in the
amount of $1
500
 issued by Daniel J. Doherty III and the Daniel J. Doherty
 III 2002 Family Trust
 affiliates of Raptor/Harbor
Reeds SPV LLC (&#8220;Raptor&#8221;). Raptor beneficially owns 27.1% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock as of December
31
 2018. Mr. Doherty is a member of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. In the event of a default under the financing agreement
Raptor has a put option to purchase from Rosenthal the entire amount of any outstanding Over-Advance plus accrued interest
 prior
to Rosenthal declaring an event of default under the financing agreement.


 the Company
issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances
of up to $4
000 in the event that Raptor exercises its put option described above. Consequently
 the exercise price of 750
000
of Raptor&#8217;s outstanding warrants to purchase the Company&#8217;s common stock was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting
in an increase in the fair value of the warrants of $161. This amount has been reflected as a capitalized finance cost
 and is
being amortized over the life of the financing agreement. See Note 10.




 the
agreement contains a financial covenant that requires us to meet certain minimum working capital and tangible net worth thresholds
as of the end of each quarter. As of December 31
 2018 we did not meet the working capital and tangible net worth requirements.
Rosenthal granted us a waiver for the December 31
 2018 violation
 and as a result of our February 2019 public offering (see Note
17) the violation was cured prior to the next measurement date of March 31
 2019. In all other respects
 we were in compliance
with the terms of our agreement with Rosenthal.


agreement with Rosenthal
 the Company had a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (the &#8220;PMC
Agreement&#8221;)
 which included a $6
000 Revolving Line of Credit
 a $3
000 Term Loan
 and a Capital Expansion Loan (&#8220;CAPEX
Loan&#8221;). Upon execution of the financing agreement with Rosenthal
 all obligations under the PMC Agreement were repaid in
full in an aggregate amount of $8
758.


PMC Agreement were generally calculated on a sliding scale based on our trailing six month EBITDA. If unused cash availability
met pre-established thresholds
 interest rates were generally reduced to a contractual base rate plus any increase in the prime
rate. The Revolving Line of Credit also bore a monthly collateral monitoring fee of .45%.


credit facilities aggregated $1
153 and $1
458 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
186
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
472
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
250
    



the Company leased two buildings and certain of its brewery equipment (the majority of the assets of our Los Angeles plant). The
transaction was accounted for as a long-term financing arrangement
 and the proceeds from the sale were recorded as a financing
obligation in the initial amount of $3
056. Monthly payments of approximately $35 under the arrangement were recorded as a reduction
in the financing obligation and as interest expense at an implicit rate of 9.9%.


and subsequent amendments
 the Company issued an aggregate of 600
000 warrants to purchase its common stock. The 600
000 warrants
were valued at an initial aggregate amount of $1
336
 which was recorded as a valuation discount at the date of issuance. The discount
was being amortized over fifteen years
 the term of the purchase option. The balance of the unamortized valuation discount at December
31
 2017 was $714. Amortization of valuation discount was $110 for each of the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.


 2018
 the Company completed
its Plant Sale (see Note 3). As part of the transaction the buyer assumed our financing obligation
 which aggregated $1.3 million
net of unamortized valuation discount of $604
 as of that date. By the terms of the sale CCB assumed the monthly payments on the
obligation effective immediately upon closing of the sale. Our release from the obligation by the lessor
 however
 is dependent
upon CCB&#8217;s deposit of $1.2 million of security with the lessor no later than December 31
 2019. Mr. Reed has placed 800
000
of his shares of Reed&#8217;s stock in escrow
 to be sold by him during 2019 for the purpose of funding the required security
deposit.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 Leases
 effective
October 1
 2018. The Standard requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability at the inception
of the lease
 initially measured at the present value of the lease payments. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating
$862 as of October 1
 2018
 utilizing a discount rate of 12.6%. That amount consists of new leases on the Company&#8217;s Norwalk
office and certain office equipment of $730
 and existing capitalized leases reclassified to right of use assets of $132. The amount
of such reclassification as of December 31
 2017 was $569.


of operations of a single lease cost
 calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term
 generally on a
straight-line basis. Had ASU 2016-02 been adopted as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
 such rent expense for the
years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 would have aggregated $45 and $82
 respectively.


 the right-of-use
assets are being amortized over the life of the underlying leases. Had ASU 2016-02 been adopted as of the beginning of the earliest
period presented
 amortization of right of use asset would have aggregated $49 and $182 during the years ended December 31
 2018
and 2017
 respectively.


are as follows (in thousands):



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
266
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



consists of the following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
3
400
    
    
    
3
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
161
    
    
    
3
690
    



 2017
 pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement
 the Company issued to Raptor a Secured
 Convertible
 Subordinated
 Non-Redeemable Note (the &#8220;Note&#8221;)
in the original principal amount of $3
400 and warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock. See Note 11 for further information
regarding the warrants.&#160;


12% per annum
 compounded monthly. It is secured by the Company&#8217;s assets
 subordinate to the first priority security interest
of Rosenthal (see Note 7). The Note may not be prepaid and matures on April 21
 2021. It may be converted
 at any time and from
time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. Net of transaction costs
 the Company received proceeds from the Note
of $3
083. The principal balance of the Note was $3
400 at December 31
 2018 and 2017.


determined to be $3
302 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Of this amount
 $3
083 was recorded as a valuation
discount
 and the $219 excess of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance date over the amount allocated to valuation
discount was accounted for as a financing cost. The Company recognized a total debt discount at issuance of $3
400 consisting of
the fair value of the warrant liability of $3
083 and cash offering costs of $317. The debt discount was being amortized over the
term of the note. Amortization of the note discount through December 12
 2017 was $1
191 and the unamortized debt discount at that
date was $2
209.


 2017
 in connection
with the reduction of the offering price in the Rights Offering (see Note 12) to $1.50
 the Company amended the Note
 reducing
the conversion price from $3.00 to $1.50. The Company determined that
 under the provisions of ASC Topic 470-50
 such modification
resulted in a change of more than 10% of the fair value of the Note
 and the transaction should be recorded as an extinguishment.
Accordingly
 we removed the $3
400 original Note and $2
209 of unamortized discount from our Balance Sheet
 and recorded the new
note at fair value. The Company retained an independent third-party valuation firm to calculate the fair value of the new note.
Using discounted cash flow and Black-Scholes methods the fair value was determined to be $4
823. Accordingly
 a new obligation
in the amount of $3
400 was recorded and the corresponding premium of $1
423
 representing the excess of the fair value over the
face value of the Note
 was reflected as an increase in additional paid in capital. A loss of $3
632 was realized in connection
with the extinguishment and was included in the Statement of Operations.


 2018
 in connection with
the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible
Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 (see Note 7). In consideration therefore
the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&#8217;s outstanding warrants was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase
in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 of $161. This amount
will be amortized as interest expense over the life of the Rosenthal financing agreement.


regarding the warrants.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 2018 and 2017
is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2016
    
    
803
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
643
749
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
122
376
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2017
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
428
005
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
447
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2018
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
447
    



 2018 and
2017
 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates
 are as follows:



December 31
 2018
    
December 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
72
703
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
703
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
66
059
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
66
059
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
784
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
784
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
87
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
87
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
512
560
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
512
560
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
238
661
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
666
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
897
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



made by the Company have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Generally
 we record the fair market value of the warrants
as determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 as a financing cost at date of issuance. Such financing costs
aggregated $0 and $1
480 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


 however
contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders.
For accounting purposes

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 warrants with such fundamental
transaction provisions are accounted for as liabilities. A summary of transactions that impacted our warrant liabilities is provided
below under &#8220;




is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the warrant and the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
as of December 31
 2018
 which was $2.07. Warrants for which the exercise price is higher than $2.07 have no intrinsic value as
of December 31
 2018.


 2017
 in conjunction with the
issuance of a Convertible Note to Related Party (see Note 10)
 the Company issued warrants for the purchase of 1
416
667 shares
of common stock to Raptor. The warrants contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the
Company to pay cash to the warrant holders
 accordingly these warrants are accounted for as liabilities. The fair value of the
warrants was determined to be $3
302 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. Of this amount
 $3
083 was recorded as
a debt valuation discount
 and the $219 excess of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance date over the amount
allocated to valuation discount was accounted for as a financing cost.


 in anticipation of the April
21 transaction
 warrants to purchase an additional 210
111 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the exercise price of
$3.00 were granted to three accredited investors that are party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold
participation rights in the Company&#8217;s financing transactions. The warrants contain customary anti-dilution provisions and
include fundamental transaction provisions resulting in the fair value of $571 to be classified as an increase to the warrant liability.
Fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.


above agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
 these investors&#8217;
participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company
increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00. The incremental
change in the warrants&#8217; fair value of $187 on the modification date was reported as an increase to the warrant liability
and a cost of warrant modification.


 2017
 the Company entered into
warrant exercise agreements with Raptor and the three accredited investors
 by which the Company repriced previously issued warrants
as an inducement to exercise. A total of 1
906
925 warrants were repriced
 including those issued in April 2017. The warrants&#8217;
exercise prices were lowered from $3.00 and $4.00 per share to $1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification
of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109.


 the investors exercised
warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650.
The fair value of the warrants at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional
paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549 warrants agreed
to modify the language of the fundamental transaction provision to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability
classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033
 was reclassified from the warrant
liability to additional paid in capital.


the Company issued to the investors
 pro rata based on the number of shares each investor exercised
 a second tranche of warrants
to purchase 512
560 shares of our common stock and on July 19
 2017 a third tranche of warrants to purchase 87
745 shares of our
common stock. The second tranche of warrants have a term of 5 years
 may be exercised commencing six months after issuance and
have an exercise price of $2.00. The third tranche of warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance for a term of five years
and have an exercise price of $1.55. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution provisions. The aggregate fair value
of the new warrants totaling $689 was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with a volatility of 53.75%
an interest free rate of 1.65% and a stock price of $2.35. The fair value of the warrants was reported as a financing cost on their
respective issuance dates.


 in accordance with a December
28
 2017 Rights Offering
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $2.025
per share. Additionally
 as compensation for a definitive backstop commitment from Raptor
 the Company issued to Raptor 750
000
five-year warrants. See Note 12 for additional information regarding the Rights Offering and backstop commitment.


 2018
 in connection with the
execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible
Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 (see Note 7). In consideration therefore
the exercise price of 750
000 of Raptor&#8217;s outstanding warrants was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an increase
in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 of $161. This amount
will be amortized to financing cost over the life of the Rosenthal financing agreement.


 2018
 a
total of 428
005 warrants were exercised
 including cashless exercises
 resulting in the issuance of 414
857 shares of our common
stock.




 certain of our warrant agreements
contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders.
Such warrants are accounted for as liabilities at fair value. The fair value is remeasured at each reporting period
 and the change
in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying Statements of Operations. Following is a summary of the transactions
described above that impacted our warrant liability.


determined at the following reporting
 issuance
 and modification dates using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model and
the following assumptions:



    
    

        
December 31

        
    
    

        
        
April 21
 2017
    
    

        
        
April 21
 2017
    
    

        
        
July 13
 2017
    
    

        
December 31

        
    
    

        
December 31
 
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
418
909
    
    
    
1
626
778
    
    
    
280
147
    
    
    
1
906
925
    
    
    
138
762
    
    
    
138
762
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
109
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2016
for 418
909 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions.


 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants
to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the Company&#8217;s issuance of the Convertible
Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111 warrants to three accredited investors that are
party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s financing transactions
(valued at $571).


 2017
 the three accredited investors
referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. The Company increased the terms
of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00. The incremental change in
the warrants&#8217; fair value of $187 on the modification date was reported as an increase to the warrant liability and a cost
of warrant modification.


 2017 warrant exercise agreements
with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock.
The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants
were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &#8220;fundamental transaction
&#8221; eliminating the need to classify the
warrants as a warrant liability.


 the investors exercised
warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650.
The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to
additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549
warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need
for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033
 was reclassified
from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital.


 2017
for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability was
$3
275 for the year ended December 31
 2017.


 2018
for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the fair value of the warrant liability was
$2 for the year ended December 31
 2018.


calculations was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company used the historical volatility of its common
stock to estimate the expected volatility. The expected life of the warrants was determined by the remaining contractual life
of the warrant instrument. The expected dividend yield was determined to be zero since the Company has not paid dividends to its
common stockholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to its common stockholders in the foreseeable future.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



- 
 5% non-cumulative
 non-voting
participating preferred stock
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share. 500
000 shares are authorized. As of December
31
 2018 and 2017
 there were 9
411 shares outstanding. Each share of Preferred Stock can be converted into four shares of the
Company&#8217;s common stock.


pro-rata and non-cumulative. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 at the discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common
stock based on its then fair market value. The Company cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities common stock
until the holders of the Preferred Stock have received their annual dividend. In addition
 the holders of the Preferred Stock are
entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends on an &#8220;as converted&#8221; basis with the holders of our common stock.


 dissolution
or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event as defined
 the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive
 prior to distributions to the holders of common stock
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
all remaining assets are distributed pro rata among all security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 the Company has the right
 but not
the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 the original issue price
 plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends.


time
 at the option of the holder
 into four shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse
stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 and similar transactions. The Company is obligated to reserve
authorized but unissued shares of common stock sufficient to affect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.


 the holders of the
Preferred Stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including the election of directors. However
 so long as any shares
of Preferred Stock are outstanding
 the Company shall not
 without the approval of a majority of the preferred stockholders
 authorize
or issue any equity security having a preference over the Preferred Stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or
voting
 including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any senior preferred stock.


 2018 and
2017
on the Preferred Stock through the issuance of 1
734
and 1
640 shares of its common stock
 respectively
 which based upon the then-current market price of the stock equated to dividends
of $5 in each of the years. No shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into common stock in 2018 and 2017.

The Company&#8217;s
common stock has a par value of $.0001. On December 13
 2018 our shareholders approved an increase in the authorized number of
common shares from 40
000
000 to 70
000
000. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 70
000
000 and 40
000
000 shares were authorized
respectively. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 25
729
461 and 24
619
591 shares were outstanding
 respectively.

Common Stock Issued in Connection with a
Rights Offering &#8211; 
 the Company conducted a public offering of rights to purchase up to $14 million of
units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock and one-half warrant to purchase one share of common
stock (the &#8220;Rights Offering&#8221;). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an aggregate of 9
333
333 units consisting
of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 with each warrant exercisable for
one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. The net proceeds to the Company were $12
887 after deducting
all offering costs
 dealer-manager fees of $830
 and expenses.


 2017
 the Company entered into
a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&#8220;Backstop Agreement&#8221;) with Raptor whereby Raptor agreed to purchase a minimum
of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and
conditions. Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right and over-subscription privilege as a rights holder in
the Rights Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do so.


the Company issued to Raptor five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. The
offering was oversubscribed; accordingly Raptor did not purchase any unregistered units in a private placement under the provisions
of the Backstop Agreement. In connection with the offering
 the Company also agreed to register the shares of common stock underlying
the units (including shares of common stock underlying the warrants contained in the units) and shares of common stock underlying
the backstop warrants. The Company registered the shares in February 2018.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company sold 117
647 shares of its common stock to a member of the board of directors at
$1.70 per share with total proceeds of $200.

Common Stock Issued to Directors and Officers
for Services Rendered &#8211; 
 2018 the Company issued 37
057 shares of its common stock
to an officer of the Company as compensation for services rendered. The shares had an aggregate value on date of issuance of $100
which was recorded as compensation expense during the year ended December 31
 2018


 2017
 the
Company issued 62
365 shares of its common stock to certain directors and officers of the Company as compensation for services
rendered. The shares had an aggregate value of $90 at dates of issuance.

During
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company issued 414
857 and 1
122
376 shares of its common stock
 respectively
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants
 resulting in cash proceeds to the Company of $828 and $1
150
 respectively.

On March
28
 2018
 the Company awarded 412
736 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of $660 to Valentin Stalowir
Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company. The shares are subject to vesting
requirements; accordingly they are reflected Common Stock Issuable as of December 31
 2018. Half of the award
 or 206
368 shares
will vest during 2019 and the remaining 206
368 shares will vest during 2020.


 2018
 Mr. Stalowir was awarded
371
268 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of $631
 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company.
Half of the award
 or 185
634 shares vested and were issued during 2018. The remaining 185
634 shares will vest in 2019.


 2018
 the Company&#8217;s
independent directors were awarded a total of 70
588 shares of restricted common stock
 with an aggregate fair value of $120
 as
compensation for services rendered during 2018. The shares vested and were issued at the rate of 25% per quarter during each fiscal
quarter of 2018.


 2017
 the Company issued
to its independent directors an aggregate of 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $1.70 per share
 or $680 in total
 for services
provided in 2017. These shares were reflected as Common Stock Issuable at December 31
 2017
 and were issued during 2018.


 2018
 the Company
entered into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of its common stock. See Note 17.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]









equity compensation
 in order to incentivize performance by employees
 directors
 and consultants
 is essential to the Company&#8217;s
growth strategy.


 2017
 the 2017 Compensation
Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) was approved by our shareholders. Initially it provided for the issuance of up to 3
000
000 shares.
On December 13
 2018 our shareholders approved a 3
500
000 share increase in the number of shares issuable under the Plan. Options
issued and forfeited under the 2017 plan contain an Evergreen provision and cannot be re-priced without shareholder approval.


 2018
 1
947
715 shares are
issuable under the Plan
 and 27
500 shares remain issuable under the Company&#8217;s predecessor 2015 Compensation Plan.


awards to our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either &#8220;incentive stock options&#8221; within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &#8220;non-qualified stock options&#8221;. The Plan is currently administered
by the board of directors. The exercise price of an option granted under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value
per share of common stock on the date of the grant of the option. Options may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth
anniversary of the adoption of the plan. Incentive stock options granted to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting
power of the common stock cannot be exercisable for more than five years. When an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the
underlying stock is received in cash
 except that the plan administrator may permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination
of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise price
 or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator.







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
1
048
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(431
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
596
954
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(406
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(123
750
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
026
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2018
    
    
678
059
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



as the difference between the closing market price as of December 31
 2018
 which was $2.07
 and the exercise price of the outstanding
stock options.


 2018
 options to purchase 311
000
shares of common stock were issued to certain employees of the Company pursuant to the Plan. One half of these options vest annually
over a four-year period; the other half of will vest based on performance criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion.
The $386 fair value of the options is being amortized through December 31
 2022.


 2018
 the Company issued options
to purchase 748
000 shares of common stock to certain employees
 officers and Directors pursuant to the Plan. One half of these
options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of these options will vest based on performance criteria to be established
by the Board at its discretion. The $1
190 fair value of the options is being amortized through July 31
 2022.


 2018
 the Compensation Committee
granted options to purchase 1
653
950 shares of common stock to certain current employees
 officers and Directors pursuant to the
Plan. One half of these options vest annually over a four-year period; the other half of these options will vest based on performance
criteria to be established by the Board at its discretion. The $1
540 fair value of the options is being amortized through March
31
 2022.


 on March 28
 2018
 the Compensation
Committee approved the repricing of 100
000 options issued to former Chief Financial Officer Dan Miles pursuant to the 2015
Plan to the market price of $1.60
 and extended the option period an additional four years.


 2018
 pursuant to its employment
agreement with Valentin Stalowir dated June 28
 2017
 the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Stalowir options to purchase 412
736
shares of common stock
 which are subject to shareholder approval to increase the number of shares available under the Plan
 and
are not otherwise issuable until January 2019. One half of these options will vest annually over a four-year period; the other
half of these options will vest based on performance criteria to be established by the Board. The fair value of these options of
$389 is being amortized through March 31
 2022.


 2018
 the Compensation Committee
granted to Mr. Stalowir options to purchase 371
268 shares of stock
 pursuant to the Plan and his employment agreement with the
Company. The options have an exercise price of $1.70
 vest over 18 months
 and have a 10 year life. The $370 fair value of the
options is being amortized through June 2019.


 2017
 the
Company granted 60
000 options
 with a fair value of $39
 to purchase the Company&#8217;s common stock at a weighted average exercise
price of $2.20
 to certain employees of the Company.


on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions noted in the following table. For
purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free rate
for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



issuances aggregated $1
161 and $276 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of December 31
2018
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $2
691 which will be amortized to compensation expense as the options vest
over  one to four  years.


and exercisable as of December 31
 2018
 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
573
954
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
285
609
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
940
450
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
202
450
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
230
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
678
059
    
    
    
    
    





activity during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(400
000
    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
854
592
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
412
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(256
222
    
    
    
256
222
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(656
222
    
    
    
(1
500
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2018
    
    
598
370
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 in accordance with his employment
agreement with the Company
 the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Stalowir 412
736 shares of restricted common stock with a fair
value of $660 pursuant to the Plan. The fair value of these shares is being amortized to compensation expense through June 2019
when the shares vest.


 2018
 Mr. Stalowir was awarded
371
268 shares of restricted common stock with a fair value of $631
 pursuant to the Plan and in accordance with his employment
agreement with the Company. The award vests over eighteen months
 and the fair value of the grant is being amortized to compensation
expense through June 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 185
634 shares of common stock with a fair value of $316 vested
and were issued to Mr. Stalowir.


 the Compensation
Committee granted an aggregate of 70
588 shares of restricted common stock to the Company&#8217;s independent Directors pursuant
to the Plan. The shares vested and were issued in four equal installments during 2018
 and the $120 fair value of the shares was
amortized to compensation expense ratably over that period.


the Plan is subject to such restrictions as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board
 which may include restrictions
on the sale of such shares or the right to receive dividends thereon. Additionally
 the restricted common stock is subject to a
risk of forfeiture
 generally upon termination of employment or service during the vesting period. Vesting may be dependent upon
the recipient&#8217;s continued relationship with the Company
 or may depend upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance
goals.


 2018
 an
aggregate of $820 was recognized as compensation expense relative to restricted stock awards. As of December 31
 2018
 the amount
of unvested compensation related to restricted stock awards was $592
 which will be recognized as an expense in future periods
as the shares vest.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2018 and 2017
 the Company
had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (&#8220;NOL&#8221;s) to reduce future taxable income. For Federal
purposes the amounts available were approximately $42
000 million and $35
000
 respectively. For state purposes approximately $18
000
was available at December 31
 2018 and 2017. The Federal carryforward expires on various dates through 2035 and the state carryforward
expires in 2019. Given the Company&#8217;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than
not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized
a deferred tax asset for this benefit.


Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership of companies with loss carryforwards
 the utilization of the
Company&#8217;s NOL may be limited as a result of recent change in stock ownership. NOLs incurred subsequent to the latest change
in control are not subject to the limitation.


tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position is
measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits.


interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 the Company has not accrued interest or
penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Tax years 2011 through 2018 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions
to which the Company is subject.


Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the NOLs and will recognize
the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.


deferred income tax assets are as follows (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
429
    
    
    
8
927
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
496
    
    
    
9
957
    

    
    
    
(10
496
    
    
    
(9
957
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    





customers with clauses committing the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the agreement early or without cause. The contracts
call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&#8217;s products to a defined type of retailer within a defined
geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically renew the agreements without cause
 amounts
would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew any agreement
with any of their customers; accordingly
 no such fees have been accrued in the accompanying financial statements.




 we are a party to claims
and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims and proceedings
individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss is estimable and
the loss is probable.


matters as of December 31
 2018. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
we believe the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
liquidity
 or results of operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 who is the
Corporate Secretary and the wife of Chris Reed
 to document minutes for the Board of Directors&#8217; meetings. Amounts paid for
her services during each of the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 aggregated less than approximately $1 thousand.


 son of Valentin Stalowir
Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 was employed as a sales
 merchandising and demo intern during the year ended December 31
2018. He was paid approximately $2 thousand for his services.


 wife of Neal Cohane
 our
Senior Vice President of Sales
 performed administrative and office management services for the Company during the year ended December
31
 2018. She was paid approximately $34 thousand for her services.


 daughter of a director
of the Company
 was employed as Vice President of Marketing during the year ended December 31
 2018. She was paid approximately
$162 thousand for her services.


 Chris Reed (the former Chief
Executive Officer and current Chief Innovation Officer)
 Robert Reed (the brother of Chris Reed)
 and Dan Miles (former Chief Financial
Officer)
 collectively advanced approximately $571 thousand to the Company for working capital uses. In 2017
 the Company repaid
approximately $240 thousand of this amount and the remaining balance was repaid in January of 2018.


 the Company issues
stock-based awards to employees
 officers
 and other related parties as compensation for services rendered. See Note 13 for information
as to such transactions during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.


 2018
 the Company sold
its Los Angeles manufacturing facility to California Custom Beverage
 LLC (&#8220;CCB&#8221;)
 an entity 100% owned by Chris Reed
the Company&#8217;s founder and Chief Innovation Officer (the &#8220;Plant Sale&#8221;). See Note 3.


2018 and 2017
 the Company entered into the following transactions with Raptor:


 2017
 pursuant to a securities
purchase agreement
 Reed&#8217;s issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable note to Raptor in the principal amount
of $3
400
 and warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock. See Note 10. The Note bears interest at a rate of 12% per
annum
 compounded monthly. It is secured by the Company&#8217;s assets
 subordinate to the first priority security interest of
Rosenthal (see Note 7). The Note may not be prepaid and matures on April 21
 2021. It may be converted
 at any time and from time
to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. Net of transaction costs
 the Company received proceeds from the Note of $3
083.
In connection with the issuance of the note
 the Company reimbursed Raptor direct costs totaling $157 incurred to issue the note.


 2017
 the Company entered
into a warrant exercise agreement with Raptor to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of our common stock. The warrants&#8217;
exercise prices were lowered from $3.00 and $4.00 per share to $1.50 per share. Upon modification
 Raptor exercised the warrants
at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
150. The Company also issued to Raptor an additional
second tranche of warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares of our common stock and a third tranche of warrants to purchase up
to 60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing six months
from the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00. The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon
issuance for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to $1.55. Raptor was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting
observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the date hereof
Raptor SPV LLC has not made such an appointment.&#160;


 2017 Rights
Offering (see Note 12)
 Raptor exercised its rights to purchase 2
666
667 units
 thereby acquiring 2
666
667 shares of common stock
and warrants to purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4
000.


 2017
 the Company entered
into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&#8220;Backstop Agreement&#8221;) with Raptor whereby Raptor agreed to purchase
a minimum of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in a private placement
 subject to customary
terms and conditions. Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right and over-subscription privilege as a rights
holder in the Rights Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do so. As compensation for the backstop commitment
the Company issued to Raptor five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. The
offering was oversubscribed; accordingly Raptor did not purchase any unregistered units in a private placement under the provisions
of the Backstop Agreement.


 2018
 in connection with
the execution of the Rosenthal financing agreement (see Note 7)
 the Company issued an Amended and Restated Subordinated Convertible
Non-Redeemable Secured Note to Raptor
 to provide for additional advances of up to $4
000 (see Note 7). In consideration therefore
the exercise price of the 750
000 warrants issued to Raptor on December 6
 2017 was reduced from $1.50 to $1.10
 resulting in an
increase in the fair value of the warrants
 determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 of $161.
This amount will be amortized against earnings over the life of the Rosenthal financing agreement.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 our independent directors
will be issued restricted common stock valued at $30
000 pursuant to the 2017 plan
 in quarterly installments.


 2019
 the Company entered
into an agreement for an underwritten public offering of 7
733
750 shares of its common stock
 at $2.10 per share
 including an
overallotment option for 1
008
750 shares that was exercised in full. Proceeds of the offering
 net of the underwriting discount
and other transaction costs
 aggregated $14
906. The proceeds will be used to fund our sales and marketing efforts
 to develop
and launch new products
 and for general working capital purposes.


pro forma balance sheet for Reed&#8217;s
 Inc. assuming the public offering described above occurred on December 31
 2018 (in thousands):



    
    

        
December 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    

        
December 31
 2018
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
8
550
    

Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
2
608
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
608
    

Inventory
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
511
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
511
    

    
    
    
10
938
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
18
864
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
492
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
20
418
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
721
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
721
    

    
    
    
1
483
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
483
    

    
    
    
6
980
    
    
    
(6
980
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
235
    
    
    
(6
980
    
    
    
7
255
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Leases payable
 less current portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
161
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
235
    
    
    
(6
980
    
    
    
12
255
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
591
    
    
    
14
905
    
    
    
68
496
    

    
    
    
(60
431
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(60
431
    

    
    
    
(6
743
    
    
    
14
906
    
    
    
8
163
    

    
    
    
12
492
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
20
418
    




    
    
Adjustment reflects the sale of 7
733
750 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for net proceeds of $14
906
 of which $6
980 was used to repay the outstanding balance on the line of credit.






































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable
lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred
tax assets
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.







    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#8217;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#8217;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2018
and 2017
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was $623 and $601
 respectively.







    
    



cost or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a
provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand and our ability to sell
the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products
include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations
of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&#8217;s estimates of
future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and
obsolete inventory. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the reserve for inventory obsolescence aggregated $197 and $509
 respectively.







    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.


Los Angeles facility (see Note 3)
 we reclassified all the assets of the facility to Equipment Held for Sale. During the year
ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded impairment charges aggregating $5
925 to reduce the carrying amount of our Los Angeles assets
to the estimated amount we believed to be recoverable.







    
    



brand names acquired
 so classified because we anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine
whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether it is more likely than not the asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value
of our asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash
flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.


 2018 impairment
testing
 we determined that our Sonoma Sparkler trademark is unlikely to provide future benefit to the Company
 because we do
not currently offer Sonoma Sparkler products and we do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 we reduced
the book value of this asset to zero as of December 31
 2018
 by recording an impairment charge of $229. No impairments were noted
during the year ended December 31
 2017.







    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250. Generally
 the Company&#8217;s policy
is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its credit facility. From time to time
however
 the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. To
minimize the risk
 the Company&#8217;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions.


 2018
the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 24% and 17% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2017
 the Company had two customers that accounted for 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively. No other customer accounted
for more than 10% of sales in either year.


 2018
 the Company
had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 36% and 19% of total accounts receivable
 respectively. As of December
31
 2017
 the Company had accounts receivable from two customers that comprised 25% and 14% of its total accounts receivable
 respectively.
No other customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable in either year.


2018 and 2017
 respectively
 the Company utilized three separate co-packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products
in the eastern United States. With the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale
 the Company no longer conducts a manufacturing operation
accordingly it utilizes co-packers to produce 100% of its products as of that date. The Company has long-standing relationships
with two different co-packers
 and in conjunction with the Plant Sale we entered into a third co-packing agreement with California
Custom Beverage LLC (&#8220;CCB&#8221;)
 the purchaser of the plant (see Note 3). CCB is 100% owned by Chris Reed
 founder of the
Company and current Chief Information Officer and director. Although there are other packers
 a change in co-packers may cause
a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


2018
 the Company&#8217;s two largest vendors accounted for 16% and 13% of its purchases
 respectively. During the year ended
December 31
 2017
 the Company made 20%
 of its purchases from a single vendor. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 accounts payable
to the Company&#8217;s largest vendor comprised 24% and 20% of our total accounts payable
 respectively. No other account was
more than 10% of our accounts payable in either year.







    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Accounting
Standards Codification Section 820 defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with
the inputs:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


 other than the
quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on the Company&#8217;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of lease
obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since the interest rates on these obligations are
based on prevailing market interest rates.


 2018
 and December
31
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s balance sheets included warrant liabilities aggregating $38 and $36 respectively
 measured at fair
value based on Level 2 inputs.







    
    



for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221; Topic of the ASC
the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President
 who reviews
operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance
which is based on a management approach to segment reporting
 establishes requirements to report selected segment information
quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services
 major customers
 and the countries in which
the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under &#8220;Segment
Reporting&#8221; due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services;
and procurement
 manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment
 all financial information
required by &#8220;Segment Reporting&#8221; can be found in the accompanying financial statements







    
    



costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold includes direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished
goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related
to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.


operation effective with the December 31
 2018 Plant Sale. See Note 3.







    
    



of purchasing and receiving
 inspection
 warehousing
 transfer freight
 and other costs associated with product distribution after
manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.







    
    



approach for accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon
the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided
for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility
is uncertain. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax
expense.







    
    



 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at the amount expected to be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step
model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which include (1) identifying the
contract or agreement with a customer
 (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement
 (3) determining
the transaction price
 (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations
 and (5) recognizing revenue
as each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1
 2018
 and adoption of such standard
had no effect on previously reported balances.


continues to recognize revenue when risk of loss transfers to our customers and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
which generally occurs when product is shipped. A written order from the customer must be received and credit acceptance procedures
performed prior to shipment of product.


contracts with customers requiring performance beyond delivery
 and contracts with customers contain no incentives or discounts
that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed before the customer
obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the customer. Revenue
and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer
 which generally occurs upon shipment
from our facilities. The Company&#8217;s performance obligations are satisfied at that time.


are offered for sale as finished goods only
 and there are no performance obligations required post-shipment for customers to derive
the expected value from them.


except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically been insignificant.
Because of this
 the stand-alone nature of our products
 and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction pricing
for our sales contracts
 we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance for obligations. We assess our contracts
and the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis.


incentives to customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2018 and 2017 were approximately $3
872 and $4
004
 respectively.







    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2018
and 2017
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
2
266
667
    
    
    
2
266
667
    

    
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
7
325
282
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
598
370
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
677
500
    

    
    
    
13
544
362
    
    
    
10
307
093
    









    
    



and are included in selling and marketing expense. Advertising costs aggregated $300 and $285 for the years ended December 31
2018 and 2017
 respectively.







    
    



options and restricted stock awards to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing
costs. The Company accounts for such grants issued and vesting to employees based on ASC 718
 whereby the value of the award is
measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. Such grants
issued and vesting to non-employees are valued on the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance
commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Awards
granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective
period. As the awards vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value
already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance
requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded
in the period of the measurement date.


stock option and restricted stock grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain
assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or restricted stock
and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing
model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect
compensation expense recorded in future periods.







    
    



to finance operations have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Some of these warrant agreements contain fundamental transaction
provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders. For accounting purposes
 in

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 those warrants with fundamental transaction terms are accounted
for as liabilities given the terms may give rise to an obligation of the Company to the warrant holders. These liabilities are
measured at fair value at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying
Statements of Operations.


Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of
the stock options or restricted stock
 and future dividends. Expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could
materially affect the amount of expense recorded in future periods.&#160;







    
    



 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance
sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees
for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements.


October 1
 2018. As a result
 we recorded right-of-use assets aggregating $862
 and lease liabilities of the same amount
 as of
that date. In accordance with ASU 2016-02
 the right-of-use assets are being depreciated over the life of the underlying leases
and monthly lease payments are being recorded as reductions to the lease liability and imputed interest expense. See Note 9 for
additional information.&#160;








    
    



 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-11
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral
for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interests with a Scope Exception&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2017-11&#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature
when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&#8217;s own
stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required
to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat
the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing
basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities
will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2018-07
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Improvements to Non-Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&#8221;
(&#8220;ASU 2018-07&#8221;). ASU 2018-07 generally aligns the measurement and classification of share-based awards to non-employees
with that of share-based awards to employees. Non-employee equity awards will be measured at the fair value of the equity instruments
to be issued
 as of the grant date
 and the resulting amount will be recognized as expense over the expected or contractual term
of the award. The ASU applies to all share-based payments to nonemployees in exchange for goods or services used or consumed in
an entity&#8217;s own operations. It does not apply to instruments issued to a lender or investor in a financing transaction
 or
to instruments granted when selling goods or services to customers. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU
2018-13
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework &#8211; Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair
Value Measurement.&#8221; ASU 2018-13 amends certain disclosure requirements pertaining to fair value measurement
 and is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2018-13
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
2
266
667
    
    
    
2
266
667
    

    
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
7
325
282
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
598
370
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
677
500
    

    
    
    
13
544
362
    
    
    
10
307
093
    


































































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
3
053
    
    
    
2
670
    

    
    
    
4
327
    
    
    
3
261
    

    
    
    
7
380
    
    
    
5
931
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
238
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








(in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
&#160;2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
474
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
925
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
549
    


































































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









the Company&#8217;s brand names (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









credit facilities are as follows (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
7
657
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
301
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
947
    

    
    
    
7
657
    
    
    
10
248
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
980
    
    
    
10
248
    





































Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
186
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
472
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
250
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









are as follows (in thousands):



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
266
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









consists of the following (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
3
400
    
    
    
3
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
161
    
    
    
3
690
    










Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









 2018 and 2017
is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2016
    
    
803
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
643
749
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
122
376
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2017
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
428
005
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
447
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2018
    
    
6
897
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
447
    








 2018 and
2017
 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates
 are as follows:



December 31
 2018
    
December 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
72
703
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
703
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
66
059
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
66
059
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
784
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
784
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
87
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
87
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
512
560
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
512
560
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
238
661
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
666
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
897
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








determined at the following reporting
 issuance
 and modification dates using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model and
the following assumptions:



    
    

        
December 31

        
    
    

        
        
April 21
 2017
    
    

        
        
April 21
 2017
    
    

        
        
July 13
 2017
    
    

        
December 31

        
    
    

        
December 31
 
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
418
909
    
    
    
1
626
778
    
    
    
280
147
    
    
    
1
906
925
    
    
    
138
762
    
    
    
138
762
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
109
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2016
for 418
909 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions.


 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants
to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the Company&#8217;s issuance of the Convertible
Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111 warrants to three accredited investors that are
party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s financing transactions
(valued at $571).


 2017
 the three accredited investors
referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. The Company increased the terms
of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00. The incremental change in
the warrants&#8217; fair value of $187 on the modification date was reported as an increase to the warrant liability and a cost
of warrant modification.


 2017 warrant exercise agreements
with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock.
The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants
were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &#8220;fundamental transaction
&#8221; eliminating the need to classify the
warrants as a warrant liability.


 the investors exercised
warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650.
The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to
additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549
warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need
for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033
 was reclassified
from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital.


 2017
for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability was
$3
275 for the year ended December 31
 2017.


 2018
for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the fair value of the warrant liability was
$2 for the year ended December 31
 2018.



































Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
1
048
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(431
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
596
954
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(406
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(123
750
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
026
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2018
    
    
678
059
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions noted in the following table. For
purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free rate
for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








and exercisable as of December 31
 2018
 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
573
954
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
285
609
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
940
450
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
202
450
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
230
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
744
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
678
059
    
    
    
    
    








activity during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(400
000
    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
854
592
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
412
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(256
222
    
    
    
256
222
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(656
222
    
    
    
(1
500
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2018
    
    
598
370
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


































































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









deferred income tax assets are as follows (in thousands):



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
429
    
    
    
8
927
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
496
    
    
    
9
957
    

    
    
    
(10
496
    
    
    
(9
957
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









pro forma balance sheet for Reed&#8217;s
 Inc. assuming the public offering described above occurred on December 31
 2018 (in thousands):



    
    

        
December 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    

        
December 31
 2018
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
8
550
    

Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
2
608
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
608
    

Inventory
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
511
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
511
    

    
    
    
10
938
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
18
864
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
492
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
20
418
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
721
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
721
    

    
    
    
1
483
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
483
    

    
    
    
6
980
    
    
    
(6
980
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
235
    
    
    
(6
980
    
    
    
7
255
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Leases payable
 less current portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
161
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
235
    
    
    
(6
980
    
    
    
12
255
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
591
    
    
    
14
905
    
    
    
68
496
    

    
    
    
(60
431
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(60
431
    

    
    
    
(6
743
    
    
    
14
906
    
    
    
8
163
    

    
    
    
12
492
    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
20
418
    




    
    
Adjustment reflects the sale of 7
733
750 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for net proceeds of $14
906
 of which $6
980 was used to repay the outstanding balance on the line of credit.






































Tabular disclosure of condensed balance sheet
 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Oct. 04
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






325)


373)









258)


422)











127









743)




657)







297


303









204


438









250


















Financing Agreement [Member] | Rosenthal and Rosenthal
 Inc. [Member]












500









Debt instrument
 term










Line of credit
 borrowing capacity

000











758













201







Underwriters Agreement [Member] | February 15
 2019 [Member]














733
750


















Proceeds from offering
 net of underwriting discount and other transaction costs



905







Underwriters Agreement [Member] | February 15
 2019 [Member] | Over-Allotment Option [Member]














008
750





































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































925




















































872


004


















































Customer One [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]



































Customer Two [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]























































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.

























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.



















































































































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.






















































































Amount paid for incentive rights held by the managing member or general partner
 of limited liability company (LLC) or limited partnership (LP).




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

































































Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




544
362


307
093












266
667


266
667












897
277


325
282












644


644












370














744
404


500
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017






925












050














424


821



California Custom Beverage
 LLC [Member]




















California Custom Beverage
 LLC [Member] | Current Shareholders Chairman Institutional Investors [Member]








000





California Custom Beverage
 LLC [Member] | Machinery Equipment Furniture and Fixtures [Member]








300







250







300














200







000














































































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























Amount of cash inflow for the sale of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale
 classified as other.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































The amount of an asset
 typically cash
 provided to a counterparty to provide certain assurance of performance by the entity pursuant to the terms of a written or oral agreement
 such as a lease.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Inventory
 reserve for obsolescence net
















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











053


670





327


261





380


931



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

















925







Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property and equipment
 total cost

238


























Property and equipment
 total cost













Property and equipment
 total cost










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]










474







925)







549




































Equipment held for sale
 net of reserve.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands






Oct. 04
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017








868















147
























472











204


438




















October 4
 2018 [Member]
















758
























500




















































000













000
























Warrant exercise price
 amount reduced

























Financing Agreement [Member] | Rosenthal and Rosenthal
 Inc. [Member]












Debt instrument
 term












Line of credit
 borrowing capacity

000
























Line of credit
 interest rate


































































500













758











Financing Agreement [Member] | Rosenthal and Rosenthal
 Inc. [Member] | Minimum [Member]












Line of credit
 interest rate












Financing Agreement [Member] | Rosenthal and Rosenthal
 Inc. [Member] | Maximum [Member]












Line of credit
 interest rate












New Financing Agreement [Member] | Rosenthal and Rosenthal
 Inc. [Member]












Line of credit
 borrowing capacity

000











Line of credit
 additional borrowing capacity

000











Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member]
















000













000













153


458













































































































































































































































































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




980


301














000







947





657


248












980


248












657
















301




































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Sale leaseback transaction
 monthly rental payment



























Machinery Equipment Furniture and Fixtures [Member] | California Custom Beverage
 LLC [Member]















300







200







000














000







336





















056


























































































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























Remaining amortization period for discount on the liability component of convertible debt which may be settled in cash upon conversion
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.






















































































The amount of an asset
 typically cash
 provided to a counterparty to provide certain assurance of performance by the entity pursuant to the terms of a written or oral agreement
 such as a lease.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













186














472














250



































Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Oct. 01
 2018




















Discount rate
 percent






































































































































































































































Fair value portion of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





















































266





































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands







Oct. 04
 2018
Dec. 12
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017








416
667




666
666


111









083

















































379











147









































000















000




























Warrant exercise price
 amount reduced





























































































823











New obligation
 amount



400















423















632




























































































400















416
667






























  2021















083

















400


400











302















083




























209


400















083




























191























































































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.

























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)



























Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.






















































































The difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt recognized currently as a component of income in the period of extinguishment
 net of tax.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Convertible Note Payable
 Net

161


690












400


400










Convertible Note Payable
 Net

161


690







Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




















Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands








Oct. 04
 2018
Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Jul. 19
 2017

























416
667


111




666
666











302

















083





















































 were extended for a period of two years















147

























































650















033

















005













































906
925

















109

















650

















601






033











549
































000












































000
























































Warrant exercise price
 amount reduced



































000





















































560














































































745

















































480









































































Exercise of warrants
 shares









857


122
376
























































































































































Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 net
 shares..
























































































































































































































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.






















































































Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.



















































































































Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

666
666





Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance



666
666










Shares Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

325
282


909



Shares
 Granted



643
749



Shares
 Exercised

005


122
376)



Shares
 Forfeited or expired






Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance

897
277


325
282



Shares Exercisable
 Ending Balance

897
277





Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited or expired






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning Balance






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable Ending Balance















447







447











































































































































































































































































































Class of warrant or right number of securities forfited or expired




















































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






666
666


416
667


111

































897
277


325
282






909


















000


000
























  2019


  2019
























000


000
























  2021


  2021
























000


000
























  2021


  2021
























000


000
























  2021


  2021
























703


703
























  2021


  2021
























059


059
























  2021


  2021
























549


549
























  2022


  2022
























745


745
























  2022


  2022
























560


560
























  2022


  2022
























238
661


666
666
























  2020


  2020
























000


000
























  2022


  2022










































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.




























Expiration date of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









147
























275)
























































































































626
778


















873



























































































































906
925



147















109












































































































































































































762



762



909

























 2017 grant to Raptor of warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares of the Company's common stock in connection with the Company's issuance of the Convertible Note to a Related Party (valued at $3
302) and April 19
 2017
 grant of 210
111 warrants to three accredited investors that are party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26





 2017 warrant exercise agreements with Raptor and the three accredited investors to reprice warrants to purchase a total of 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in a charge against earnings of $1
109. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a fundamental transaction, eliminating the need to classify the warrants as a warrant liability. Upon modification
 the investors exercised warrants for 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650. The fair value of the warrant liability at the date of exercise was $1
601
 which was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital as a result of the exercise. At the same time
 the Company and the holders of the remaining 784
549 warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause to require board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability classification of the warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants
 totaling $1
033





 2017
 the three accredited investors referred to above waived their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. The Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280





 2018 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The increase in the fair value of the warrant liability was $2 for the year ended December 31





 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275 for the year ended December 31





 2016 for 418































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands








Oct. 04
 2018
Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








302

















416
667


111




666
666




























147










































































650















033
























Exercise of warrants
 shares









857


122
376




































909













762


762

















275


























906
925


































109

















650

















601






033











549














































Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 net
 shares..










































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.

























































Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands










Mar. 28
 2018
Jan. 10
 2018
Dec. 06
 2017
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 12
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017

































































Preferred stock
 shares authorized









000


000









Preferred stock
 shares outstanding









411


411








































734


640






























Common stock
 par value




















Common stock
 shares authorized









000
000


000
000









Common stock
 shares outstanding









729
461


619
591































































650









Issuance of common stock
 value











































368


634








































368


















































857


122
376





















150










































647








































































Common stock issued for services
 shares









057


365





















































736


268
















































634












































000






























Issuance of common stock
 value









































Common stock issued for services
 shares



588














































588


































Vesting percentage
 per quarter



































































































































000





















000
















































000





















 each unit consisting of one share of the Company's common stock and one-half warrant to purchase one share of common stock (the Rights Offering). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an aggregate of 9
333
333 units consisting of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 with each warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share





















333
333





















666
666










































887






















































































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.





















































































































































































































































































































































































































Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.




























Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands










Dec. 17
 2018
Dec. 13
 2018
Jul. 19
 2018
Mar. 28
 2018
Jan. 10
 2018
Sep. 29
 2017
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















































































161





















691















































Number of vested shares issued
 shares















222


000



































































































































000
















000















































  2022








































Employees
 Officers and Directors [Member]


























000


653
950








































190


540



















  2022


  2022










































736


268





























































  2022


  2019































































































Number of restricted common stock issued
 shares







736


268
































Number of vested shares issued
 shares















634


























Number of restricted common stock issued
 shares













588





















































500
000








000
000

























947
715










































500























































000
































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.






















































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.




























Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending













Shares Outstanding
 Beginning balance

500


048
500



Shares
 Granted

596
954


000



Shares
 Exercised






Shares
 Forfeited or expired



000)





300)





Shares
 Vested Forfeited or expired

750)





Shares Outstanding
 Ending balance

744
404


500





059





Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited or expired






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Unvested Forfeited or expired






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Vested Forfeited or expired






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable






Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Outstanding
 Ending

026





Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Exercisable










Shares
Vested forfeited or expired.




























Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Vested forfeited or expired.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.



















































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017































































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















744
404















059

























573
954















609

























450















450

























000















000
































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Number of Shares Unvested
 beginning balance






Number of Shares
 Granted

592


000



Number of Shares
 Vested

222)


000)



Number of Shares
 Issued






Number of Shares Unvested
 ending balance

370





Number of Issuable Shares
 beginning balance

000





Number of Issuable Shares
 Granted






Number of Issuable Shares
 Vested

222


000



Number of Issuable Shares
 Issued

222)





Number of Issuable Shares
 ending balance



000



Fair Value Unvested
 beginning balance






Fair Value
 Granted

412





Fair Value
 Vested






Fair Value
 Issued

500)





Fair Value
 Unvested
 ending balance






Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Unvested beginning balance






Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Granted






Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Vested






Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Issued






Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Unvested ending balance
























































































































































































Fair Value
 Granted.




























Fair Value
 Issued.













































































































































































Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











000
000


000
000





000
000


000
000


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











429
000


927
000





000


000





000


000





000)







000


000





496
000







496
000)








































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017








































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands








Oct. 04
 2018
Dec. 06
 2017
Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017



























416
667




666
666


111















650

















083


























666
667

















000


































333
333






































400

















416
667


































  2021


































400

















416
667


































  2021

















083

















































906
925

















650


































667



















































150


































000



















































000





















































































































000


































000
































000

















000








































































































































































Chris Reed
 Robert Reed &amp; Dan Miles [Member]


















































California Custom Beverage
 LLC [Member] | Sale of Los Angeles Manufacturing Facility to CCB [Member]






























































































































































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs classified as noncurrent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.



















































































































Identify the stated interest rate per the agreement
 for example
 leasing and debt arrangements between related parties.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Feb. 15
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











733
750














906














008
750












Stock issued during period
 value
 restricted stock



000















































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016















127





Accounts receivable
 net

608


691





Inventory
 net










511









938


948





Property and equipment
 net



















492


476
















721


480







483









980


301
















235


645





Leases payable
 less current portion










161


690
















235


968











































591


833







431)


101)







743)




657)





492


476

























550







Accounts receivable
 net

608







Inventory
 net










511









864







Property and equipment
 net



















418


















721









483



























255









255













































496









431)









163









418


































































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.






















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Gross amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




729
461


619
591





204


438












733
750














906







980









Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( .1D@4X?(\\#P    !



$T^\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


GD)8!.(6)=X6K?FCQ*C=V].6
MK1.!^ 8^Y?/GR4W.DH=$KZD$#&1Q7PSN




TPHP$[
M=.@I@R@%L'::&$]#U\ 5


[)(=LEU?=]V==S;MQ!



M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


MH?3
T;


(.



MIB_Q-)LM6)X&M'#_$^ANYMWG[8 I)EJ


M#XQLASXX&9OQ]3]02P





UBA1ELA
C.C'H

M







^USKB)[*71Q)FG)8:2?C)I0;V:I+.
MIBJV^M R
S4R
^/

Q_5TFDA6G:


IOJ1Z;89B7%U9/#U^J8N13D
=;%W)E%6SO[

TJV@R2:2:*EHH2*F$Z20)\_040H1&3CXSE$AL?':'QL
MXY-Y?.XD

MI)#.API.-.W
\*-3F]P9&A'!G@*$*'(X/U($[-2JA):93B(#D*DD
0XH!







ML%X2ZB5&7D9).LLB=2R1:D]52ABY\.12UDM*O23(2TJR@$BU05ZH*C6S%G^R
MHEDKFC[BE(\W;+RAI6A4BB$FD]ADJ!(J4EF\L-@RUDE&G:!V[3*2)#8:.Z$B




F J3Z($=4=A]K ZWQVS8(E'LV30#!C-D\C
4XFG&&]U3@9/

&

]4?'D

&ULC9I;<Z-&
M$(7_BDKO6C$7;ENVJX*X)%5)E6M329ZQC6W52D(!;&_^?0!AK:;[B!D_V)+\

?JT/_GN6[V




8HOA0%!^(0J]]SC!1[$AJ1S*?'XU'

MTXU!NN1L2CC#KD0[DMJ1+.:ZQ&01[5&*V2B&)
+#SL0#HI RGTS0Y32!5 &Y
M!#8@%E-FGC$SON*E!
@XIAESB*VC Y
Z
-G$&%=2X--=U2%288MDRH

)G@5BF(:+%V%18 IGB8,LE@.?R6/6SFZF-
M Y,Z,)G@!L^GTG!DY5-IW,V=P.Y. 'NGJ!L5W#)0-
ORR 4UV:6
5L?V'I)
M8+T\:KT Q);2@4D=F

MAX@SW!=([M!T'-':E@-LY7O$U0ESOD7IX IT94.&O)[[SB?D_J0
1^S%II
MG 2-(D#-V02);9]$'2[J; #$+P 'V^? 9!*TTT3 .H .OL\6R90'&S^)VFET

AALL8Q]VI:Z.A:%U9BMR:1


MWA


M!6XG




M970V+GAM;(V:86^C1A&_XKE[SZS,[L+1$ZD0%6U4BN=KKKV,TE(8IUM7#)
M]=\7L



MRU.4A_6VWG7K9C=KZ\?K^:V[*F


9(PT^_CT&G9_..38\__XC^J]3YX?.W%5=73:;?]8/






M5;

:@X4[D4L*XFY;:[
M!(%

M;708
X]!H9C)Y8 US7P:9-U? AEG'(R)X#'U/*@6




P-$9T2^]())Z@%)

C.( 4PA6P2 8E9CO02RH6APQ@P/&


9GF

[/W]6[=-ZU\WNFKYOMM


&UL?5-M
M;YPP#/XK47Y P^6N+SH!4J]3U4F;=&JU[7
.#$1-$WT?W[.H%CK$/[0FSC




M_Z

M\(%!X'&&!U J$*&

.J7+'V3T3M*2JA$K_RS

M#E_D;.8




M!)O=I.G*MI1-5;52*ZU2-7EF[;&- L8!O$[_O@-V'*NU\@+



$%     @ Y&2!3IA*C[BS 0  T@







MCOA!:^%^GT#9L: 9?7



M9 3;SS^(+=^X_ -02P
$%     @ Y&2!3OFBCRVU 0  T@

7LD.SI:X



MX_%-_H9/T_Y-V$9VCER

504/MPO

KSI

$%     @ Y&2!3K=?3;ZS 0  T@
C=<^^ PCD12OC]J%T!\9\U4'
M6O@;VX/!F\8Z+0*:KF6^=R#J!-**\2Q[P[20AI9Y\IU=F=LA*&G@[(@?M!;N



E6/=7@VC1-GE1V






WF216

Q7'6CA;VP/
M!F\:Z[0(:+J6^=Z!J!-(*\9WNW=



/8LLW+G\!



A!Y&2\3)YU3!N#R_

MCGNKXSZ
-WP_P=8!? +P&7 3\[ Q451^+YS(4X
#

96



/8O
_
M%RA7JS9^ 6:8]^;-,.03FB?; 3CRK%5O]HY-YP8LU4'6M@['*#W-PT:+9PW


MC(]U0;
@!14+C (O]W@ 90*1%[&C\1)EY0!N#Z_L+^/M?M:KL+ ZKOLG9=




$%

]P?&7-F%N[*]-#A36VL%AY-VS#7
M6Q!5!&G%^&YWP[20'2VRZ#O9(C.#5[*#DR5NT%K8]R
H

M6
M9^'@WJA?LO)M3F\I

MN9EAVP ^ _@N(UYV)0H*G\07A29-2.Q4^][$9YX?^#8FS(X8ROB'8IWZ+T4
M/-EG[!*(YICC%,-7,9\1#-F7%'PKQ9'_ ^?;\&1381+AR1K.TVV=)
@C03I





T#
M^ +@*^ NYF%SHJC\47A1YM9,Q,Z]'T1XXN3(L3=5<,96Q#L4[]![+7F:YNP:
MB):8TQS#-S')&L&0?4W!]U*<^']PO@]/=Q6F$9[^I3#;)\AV;)(D+U9XE[


&X_$QX'<+@UV<2:CDC/@<C&]E1C=!$$@H7& 0
M?KO '4@9B+R

M5
\72J;BO\
%I \/2GR. J6-*REZZU!-+%Z*$J_CWNJX#^
-3R;8.H!/ #X#


S@9(D;M!;V[Q&4&7.ZHZ^.1]FT/CA8D?6B@9_@?_4GBQ9;
M5JIH7/2=




$%     @ Y&2!3N=EP16T 0
MT@
]P?&7-F%N[*]-#A36VL%AY-VS#76Q!5!&G%^&YWP[20'2VR
MZ#O9(C.#5[*#DR5NT%K8WT=09LSIGKXYGF33^N!@1=:+!KZ#_]&?+%IL8:FD
MALY)TQ$+=4[O]H=C&N)CP$\)HUN=2:CD;
Q+


M
&1?4OM%$?^#YQOPY--A4F$)^\4)ML$Z29!&@G2_Y:X%9-^2,)6/=5@FSA-
MCI1FZ.(DK[S+P-[Q^9_PZ=I_R9L(SM'SL;CR\;^U\9X0F[*QRA%C_88BBH
M?3A^PK.=QFPRO.GG'\26;US\ 5!+ P04     #D9(%.O&.@ +4!  #2 P


2YX;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U EBM
6

F[

M39QT3AF R_




)A;J


G%F*=@?*ERF@1!(*'T@4'@=H5[D#(0H8Q?
R==

TC^8\3/
]=Q2
A?_%:X@
3PH




$96Q'O4+Q#[[7@Z2%CUT TQYRF&+Z*V2T1#-F7%'PK


  !D   !X
%'9AP4Z/5P@?3-LQU%D250%HQOMF\8UI(0XLL^4ZVR+#W2AHX

$ZB(1;JG-YN
M#\=]C$\!#Q(&MSB36
!IW:=(^C#?\PP1;!_ )P&? 3<K#QD1)^4?A19%9'(@=

3; P^]*:


MZO6WDS@!'6!J.\GU[6L

M(BD@R!P1A

31=8)(
BV2/!/'9$$
:3$SD4R0$!=400


W#R#(S8/H;EAHN#S;
4D%!W%I




MX-+DN+6VWQ-BRA8$





OY&S\



$%     @ Y&2!3HYV
MYW6W 0  T@

MTT)VM

MN\(#*!6$


RC^9\3/
M]1PHF8O_E=0 ^98(S2*!=74@[.&SVK8I:O$R[[.(^3C=[/M.V7PF\(5P
M%^.P*5#
_%%X4636C




M8


M?17$ Q2;)&T:V9::3M

MH]+/I@6PZ%6*SN2XM;8_$&+*%B0S-ZJ'SIW42DMFG:D;8GH-K HD*0A-DELB



M H\@A!=R:;S



M970R.YX;6QU4]MNG# 0_17+'QSAK31IRJ:I6:J55JC;/7AC BHVI;9;T

N:J#K1P-V: 'F\:8[7P




YK B&ZFL(OA?BQ/^A\WUZNIMA&NGIEL[_$S_;


M






_=^8.&)TR/UO:F#

MJRPY%.0:A!;


M-Q9=%%

M&Q!5)&G%^&YWS;20'2VRZ#N9(L/!*=G!R1 [:W,ZQ$4CCE-Z)OC43:MPY6




M2)

.\(YM67$'PKQ)'_1^?;]'0SPS32TS6=?]D6V&\*[*/


(SM+SNC\


BYX
M;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!X0UZTVCE6TIFRI*I59:I6K[S-IC&P6,WB=_GT'[#AN
.[W2W30G:TR*+O;(O,#%[)#LZ6N$%K8?^<0)DQIPE]<SS+IO7!P8JL
M%PU\!_^C/UNTV*)220V=DZ8C%NJ<WB?'4QKP$?!3PNA69Q(JN1CS$HPO54YW
M(2%04/J@('[P@

M+0;EG\WX!'
]!TKFXK_%130R88HS3*Q964@_-&SRJ8BA:OTRZ[N(_337J8


96Q#M
WJ'W6NR3

M$@\?2MSW'X(PE8]U6;.$V.E&;HXB2OO



ANFA 

:&JB:Z5\!*


M-G#S*






M(&435:W42JM439^]
%P4&U/;+.G?US:$4NJ\8



&:)3!J_





*BTW29F



27IHML2TVG
M:9
QCVU4+A[@N'O[ 78]+^./@<-W.0<X+B:E7TT/8-&;X-*4N+=V
M.!)BZAX$-7=J .EV6J4%M6ZI.V(&#;0))
%)LMO=$T&9Q%418F==%6JTG$DX
M:V1&(:C^?0*NIA+O\7O@F76]]0%2%0/MX#O8'\-9NQ5951HF0!JF)-+0EOAQ

MW


'C?)HR9Y1.#^QB2&.=R8
MD






VP;0&4 7P#[F

DWW.;D$HCGF.
70

F'$K=B/A9)

J/

XW99#C=SS^(+-^X_ ]02P


[7-D
M%A=5OS9'*;7W5N1EL_2/6E?W0=!LC[)(FSM5R=+\LU=UD6HSK ]!4]4RW75!





7H50BA(JEM77D5.&
$GNS(V==6
)9C).)
M43*Q2T80BTR




M





Z W4UMKY26)BFY

CE



M/[G\=7ILU
J;O.R*BM=M(6JGX?NE^T#N-X'?&?2(WP6_MK-[ITOE68B7;O%M





!KA*#&
$H-T
MF99N;$2A5

P&(0!
M!WK7

1

M!$L6 9J5Z)HU@CX7!RL2

$LN:#]8 
M/66%@RP'@2?T0

M&P:E=S?#E/LC;PY%W3K/0JIQJQ^*]D)(KCCZ=ZI6CVJPGA8EW\ON-E'WS3!=
M#@LI3N/D[$WC^^H_4$L#!!0    ( .1D@4[4


Y+GAM;(U5[8Z;



MEQ@FP9.LT0K1&)ZQ1@?4#+C%,BB?9H$DVB, *%Z 1_J^.'O)@F:.D\YT
M#T4DUC

MRFOC;X5)=!S^N]B/MW_P_N;XSM2E;G1PE
8.23_*SE(:L%ZB)]N5E;VLQ@V'
MLW'+E5VK?F+W&R/;X38BXY58_ 502P
$%     @ Y&2!3JT!TVYU @  1P@

MM-%K5=9F'A^L;:9)8C8'60GSH!I9NS



MEO9)G;_(SE :1YW[;_(D2P?W2ER-C2I-^(\V1V-5U;$X*95X;8]%'8[GCO\M
M#4X@70+I$W#VWP3:)=#W!!;
M\JU4_BL5
JW.DV[O5/]0XEU%W/C@^':
MA7/.K7'1TX)A/$M.GJC#+%L


]*^N&0VCA.Z6L=#+1

$%     @ Y&2!3H4\
U;3JY#D]*]?=1)'<GUE)YQWO6Z7\.7+14Z:4X1K(7C.Y-



Y5LRYO?
M]5Z=UF$1!GMVH.=&/?'K%S8EE(;!E/TW=F&-A@].M
:.-]+\!KNS5+R=6+25
MEKZ.S[HSS^O$_Q8&!^ I 



A!

8KCP



TL-B=1\8'/
PX

M*S@89
]2








U*1KT[1)FTRV



!C%DA8^//I(GF+2UQ.7]7
M_^*RFRP7JJ 0['=;Z29#C\BKH*8WII_%\!6F/#'RIO#?X0[

MQ!LK07!<68DW@0_DT5]9V8+B



M[;

_XG#

MH%@^\ Z8/JFXH%AI4]1(=@)P:4F4H

M6\#/%@:YV#NFDAOGS\;X4F:N9Q( H4RE@O=[@ (49(I_%[TG3GD(:XW+^J
M?[*UZUIN6
*%DU]MJ9K
35RGA KW1#WQX3-


4G$C[

M:7P






/G?PNP!P100S %^^-\




M)+*1)::/#(K0;Q.QYOO*+



(Y






@L@+QNQC[58P1DUA

NY&'^]
ML5\GVX5/%]M^3]02P,$%     @ Y&2!3K./F6': 0  800  !D   !X;]W

L.P* 7SH3.<6?,<!$
M5QUPJN_D 



W%?X$+
 MWF=@8E63:
M?U$U:B/YK&)3X?0EK+WPZQ1.]LE
VR;$


MS$&N

'Q?






7]0O5M
RE& 
Y?:R!VIF(
8=+';.7C%O,4IGXCL==([#%_ *)5R#Y0)()D]U-<A]S


MKK]L7I/VW.C\

?
M T;$WX6^M+/OT=#*BS$_AHO?#^LX'2K2I=YW0XJ\_WC76UV60Z:^CI\V:7SE
_A02<^Q-V4[_HWV;VUG*INE+Z7*?TV?13U^7FS^CS <0&T O080]6D LP'L
MW@!N _C_ ?S3 &$#Q+T!T@9()R9AC5.?Y=W^6;5F$O43!OHG _[E#S(?GWW



M;OH1L!\!^G%VTA9@W 44_@)R17$A$A8B?1*9.H5(;P$YHZE;B_0GLN0LL)L4
M+$:!8HA#@S!CC-(DH$$@;5;P@3+.T:V](:1*1&8!4FQJZ6 AP=2!(R1@!3




!/R(8I527Z7
.[] 4&#T-'!H




*#=LLPQIE



M;6R-EMN.VC 0AE\ERGTW=LY!(5*AJEJIE=!6VUX;

0#&0VU2]$D:H4_.*)X;1Z
M8EX*O(CT9N[



@=E
M+L(HC'.8)0-9

M:&5E='






)WEPU8%Z
MS*;#A

'A!BCY0A!#%)G3
M.6*0(P8X

DPS%
DH(DJ4.2(&0I21T2CW,]CGF
M(9$,30#$IGXLF9@@-G_R[7I


MT5;;7CO))* UF-I.V+Y];4



0B:(


!Y

O9_/ 9'+@_
TLOIXV862 @

M=*0)G
_O[I]M[CJ7 Y6PX^Q7?5+5)GP



T:K:#ALPT





M*BYU*X




MW@

A.=$'Y* =..@OA2S-GLB
M29YQUCF\W]Z6Z+\(KT.U^H4.FL4VW]3R!6]Y1$.,W330@-FVV/\0:/*34
M1PO?9K'U%W3_H\%NB0A6'R'[)23D3V+P%IH8 2:1;^RBX06@5(Q!.DTR2









'JR06T3X3C.HI;675AN



HUFTW\Z^T]5*


ME9$X98R:U&HZJT%YD,2$)( D-2!C)KL$9(M5)*D!2 9 XD]2 XQC D R$9
M %DYD
3[=L-%_UY3]02P
$%



MC=3F\8\9U+MR=H'C[Q^C;_O)MY-Y26N]+O._LWUS7'JQ-]OK0_J6-U_+RZ_:
M3$AY
S/[W_6[SEMXETG+L2OSNO\_V[W535F84=I4BO3'\)F=^L^+&?\C# =P

@$1%: /U2W7ZY-VJ2K


M@ E[S*G'



P6X 1D6.Z

DXW7E@
MHYYND4WFD\#Y)'0^88P'8 %VP( 



&1I;YT8#&J\CFRL&#_891PY%A8O
(P..P-88=AU'+D5%@\U#/

M@U#.4

M@.XR


@J5!V VE $[L5@<.<!%:\0(T%
L0T737DV
MKP_]ZSO,U7]02P,$%     @ Y&2!3NZ42D'L 0  <04  !D   !X;]W;W)K







!W:$GV!_#7N-%9U5&BZA-USUD8:V




EFPJKAO!^Z/R(RW]0
M2P

M%-W'N[_S9=FWU.7Q3VAT?N;L Z?7'ZVOAN*[8IZ*QM]5Y=^[3;N]F;OY;.-?


M&I%@.RK 2X$.!*0C,,QC.]]T1;+15V=9O4X18]%KP1Y[;H9]-P_';
\%TW




MV\


Q
MNRC C!I:J0(9*B3(IE5HI $=G(B/-+T 2=L $T'6;I8CV#?5)RH[29HY:N



':3+M_'4 7F\(L
S$F+&8-%F?:
M^VL(BO2^P6(V0


LY/0

M4M



RW<*_A[LUB52 1OPLV:4;O7NJE?.GU7CRW;AATH1J]A&J!2%?)S9

4]%Q]:\^E5NQ6'A9[ZW9;OB5(E'?OG

?FO87@ 
0%D


M


M +.UW%;C@IQ-8S!J0@8Q



WY5]02P,$
M%     @ Y&2!3E?L:G[ !   QAL  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


MUXDM)42J(T\4D6&H
U\0$^G

_@H*6^
WQ9[JYC#BGD_@=0JED8] Q/US'D0

TL5@+V/4S(Q50]V
^9B


M=$'8L;A+1N


EJ@L:PMI%$CX72Y6#_$RYI#4'2
M#!


.








MLW'81F36YJ%I*0K[[\W
S7K=


.@ U0]0AP&L/QT0]0.BPX#H4WS<X^
#


=)=/@
MK67J
?



YTGHZ/Z*J+0#N@94

QER
MCW77 W&W !=1FH52[$*U5 







M/6#K 4
/V'K T .V'C#T@*T'##U@ZP%##]AZP- #MAXP]$!9#Q3T0+6O;Y$'


4G('+%[#.*TCI#4$6(=4CDZ

=!)(C))A)L3

BHU1 !&Y.R;&.]=9


M!H2'N0:_!VQB$*I8HA?C;W&WDFBW VQ!4J&WM/S@O6;58$C(XZ65H
T
L)M%






;P3&'APJ5@&3=^9-$ZFVJ*^(I2-*C4IUUL
_@3F

MB8153HB$X I+


6%M# 


;1?$&'H^#:.R:IQ@N
M*8)+@EGS%

;A7FC#




*



<R//#$EY<2RK
M[_7&VF;V8U?LZYOYIFD.UU%4OVSL+J^ORH/=M]^\EM4N;]K;ZBVJ#Y7-U[W1

/Q]\V[YM



S3^6QM7_/WHOE6'A^M*TC/9Z[ZW^R'+5IXETD;
MXZ4LZO[_[.6];LJ=\]*FLLM_#)_;??]Y=/X_S;!= ;R9#
60/E#-1/ SIK
M0
Z +HV@G8&^U



[8.0$

6DZQ7Q!F&R*^17%\OP\ C^9F&)6(49.$4\A0OU
M)FI'_S0%$D^![!W0)%6OG!7 J!A'43B* A[\8@=


P
M0Z3@#!,HBGVD%Z0:!H,A\XDCI+A*!F(XG%\E87#H8V4/K%&
7='\ZG4T(H


MC\-D0Y 13.

M/WZW 


)HE6FF024C$A+L


M@SRE3#:

FS2 4XE0AJN+D:[)-*N8#Y#

M!QI+J;AB9% Q
JC0.4?Z@0!(






9?#ML0F04B4KLE4E1Z



8 DGP8

MDJVC%Y-HP.QZ#)E@\(B(=/:1@D 4.^*%DSE![B-H!C-0L AJX^-I$0PY10 8
M2F&2&2)O00QYG"!$R0 JQH[+'

M 



MZC*E4$V$+3#!YH4A]_(:*X-JPJZ;#K#%[3 _8L 61P+XVYC#: I$5VAA4,
M@?V-0/[F$0$@ZAAN#H'XTL$*-C8&!MW_T- T%+1L*L1P-6X:^H#*)D=2I;:
MBL!^17R_TG;O$L4^$79YHLD!N!;MR=X5NF OKXTR1\W)['@?N2?F .W
[_0]
OWMK]<
M] 
E+\/%*1IO;]O_4$L#!!0    ( .1D@4XY+B*&/ (  '








I-OZ
[M\FV
X1P0K/$*!%!(:_&/'#U;2(.2:.XXD/#+/$
MC2Q0(PM$8#4Q
L=$X02S?8RY
1*B1L*YD:4[
8)AO(D1#./C1B+42(0(!)
D





2@





(YP%R8N4X:E*M
M:;0FRN(X)C$VBJ%1#(RH931J^
R(!33%+@ET28 +LUR )HJP20I-4F 262;I
MHF9IQDGBV)L
^F3O*%FV*%D4$
=J.'3AP
6QLSD
D(

-)2ES[A%FG/9%[9+_J1WFG2+@N2
$1IDB




TR9M4K5IV^L4

M_(.4Q_L@
MZ#8'7A?=G3CR1GVR$VU=2#5L]T%W;'FQ-4%U%; P3(.Z*!M_.3=SC^UR+DZR
M*AO^V'K=J:Z+]N^*5^*\\


MJTIG4AQ_;%)_6%
'CM_?LG\RQ:MBGHJ.KT7UN]S*P\+/?6_+=\6IDM_%^3.W

HE+IX[9]E8YYGF_\MC Y@-H -

M[

B4-F')1BUQ(HYX6B!M:N(9O0*$5E$9.+C21$1
M*L+5Q#'NJ98


X5R43# AI0PI=$ BQ(X7.
MII#7EM!=N[9PP2.!0 *

MA



89WZOMU4&WB
*CX3NK73+VW?:_4#Z0XVCXP&)K1Y3]02P
$
M%     @ Y&2!3MWSL= 


\HNB;0<GX<D+8T3\.0#E0^8'_GO@


&UL
M?95OKYL@%

M\#G/^1TPAV)@_$74A$COM:6=*/U:RGX#@#C6I
7BB?6D4U_.C+=8JBF_ -%S



M1&HSCWK1[)WYIJH5:O5693 OP$T;39KMJ($+#7ROV-F*Z+\)4  S!7120!
?





MMHS^J0^R6KN9ZQS@2
Y4OK+^*XSU)*XS%O\=+D 57#M1.4I&A?EURK.0K!E5


W&/2Q'I]6TPG
MPXUDJ)$

@5


V


M^UJ_)LVV]OER
3 0^J2!@;J7 
=#/2Y!B88F%\&]J2!#0;V7 ]9

C.-7#!P$4&R7XZAOF]
MS=M\




C
2 2.(U1S4Z


)##2_&%U-*!2616X@UQ1!BX$Q(BZ1M*HH
MS256X*(ASJD:XO_+QM@7!EU0THV6L2\DXO*/,1: 8YO&?JC(&,X/IE0 3U3

LT;Y
?)E/;/\2 RT1T$P/)C'0$@!-\T*WWNS$SBLQTA(@'6-V

%\ZQ %VX=




MQ ?$W\10=K-JFJE5HJV:OOLP!#0&DQM)VS_OK8AB(W:AYBCSF7F0%/-E#V
MQFL 8;VWI.




M29RAFQ*:

\CQGO )(^8XQ;CS0@D

MB32FTY@X]OTX=
Q&@=$HV!CYT=IHQ0+(V_GFDUHTEHJ



$%     @ Y&2!3@UWR.H!0  G1H  !D   !X;]W

V$(5?Q?!]5OP94F)@&]@X6+1


$HXW/)V%PRIN+ -'<9A(%3L$6-3/&<FPB#A)Q0@2). AB3:1:*7C0 AC
M0O^-FEDMBAS0!F6**+61?+@D\ 3HR([\$2BO2844*4C6IDF%!J$HIB]!-
M\GB3R#=#838:KR]E.LP&54K%DN'I)1%?)J271#)9EXDP&51I+2*FESS )!+

M[-'O1]%T7+B1UL1\Q^-3(3Y3.&)
L\@T6*-LFL\'#9;B :HX@$;N3IJ'HQ:?




MP'E*(Q:B Y7F_:[1[S!0:?2[$B1C@7@C:_?I28EX'Q

M=D*WPPQ$Z/;9##2/P[N=F

:'282

&Q[I1X Q
:&+M3

MN]R@@Z$+-'A+SZ2-T

M





MG_:M3X^&%__1^\+[M

M6[5&O#J4);V056M8['^E2=G[]8N+T?AB


MX7:;K6'*15+W[72QV\&G;NIB_6L


M\:$X5+#


H3^NH
MN(N N(I'FB3PNVA3'&[KN\

M=;U0 

M


M/SN^[W.#[R+@#XLQ3&D^HE?'TW@^6L6SU3
S/


JLZ__O)-WAJY6&(R*\5W8#





_UY_3<IU5/E<]Z9GGUALJ$K*5+XND/*JJ=+_1]RW@KOL



M&'(W3TOHXPL]=-D7'.BCR];S#94#F?(;



M/$)[_.)D=VIS)/$!H27Y'*MJOEJBS
._P#)[[ U239'SXM%NM\VOBN^XTZVH


B925=YEUG0 /-
MSSN8JMB.L%-?X157.DQ;$GZ3WK:

M;@Y-.8@'=9NM58
_T#4BAKT])13DW)]OL0O.=U7^)FQ
 QE]:C[T[A?
\Q


M;7
@;M
7.WUNI23NCGRSFS!]%]#Q-TC:28#_%%?6$;+L(K&N(:PP.=MX J;;

MQL!D;.9:#Q-!9K@YD)6.UB1_C6T2)W6PE$*X;O7[O+FF\@Y,^/J7FW=:_
MD0A#7J?DQ8&


NXB;L1=N







S B96
M?$IJXA/TNWM^'9XMS5IR'=DL2-?P%DRQL8CGYI/EFQ24M V%9L&LV%K1G.-1


M*-=N

M@.SQ_N/3WK$


T1R/)
M.)SA&B^FG..:1(\%GX J]4#<AK<-4K.C


%=


%@N* ER



MY^@

M






L/5J[2S
MZ4.P-8MX
9D M[%9_Z(OK8
L7CB4%^
!EE!H0J OC.$LT/+'H&7-OFU62W$*

MPG-NN/CCP WI\LKI/@?/^2Y*4@NR''3;@V@#7-U3P!;3FD7.H=H;1I&2+;T'




?0!_WSVQ(OP;BVI'T





MWVVR(1%-


RF03)<;M,6Z%&-MD/A#[K;W/8F!3(599?#!@O4:-UL8
M(ETGG'SH5)*=?I0
3W?K




J_
H2-MQ

M'L@.1_9$:D]_3F1$VR98LZ_9:S+,R%SS*:BQTY#]=';ME2K7PR3+BV -\F

T&-U06D NQ043?1W
M?!*'LN
LS2WP?*N8#UT@0Z^^-3V'B(AEA*
D'F0W2_-2W5F3%7O4S8]H&^9:


M;SI)%!?IQ!X3*8S


MB$::I/D:-2J;YG_IC#6O&)^\T]1QZ*N18HPR6Y5JG( 5



L

O

$[CB<QB?FP6=!$57)-'<^
8LM *DA)P
MFT=#&LG&GM*
WL-YGY:18B@9M

934KFD/-V)9=Z&CAZL)I



MAD-[P$X XL#BMB0OCQ(4R^HKB*12RPJ80/V;Z2A#.@+0XND8CT
FTX H
K


HL2@PV@81O(7



&C'!#!;91L'#9


OQ

M]::5]E%Q.8HKX:_H#\7('3QCH5)2KMX8P$






M(N*V#-&I+#;S2S\+)W5;H#-URZ52_*@D14L&#^A&DC5E2T)U8W&.I5TDAORD







M+EZP=1YB^
'&W9@120(^0E-C;A0/


I^7C1&*9DV\ N:^&=3:ZY
MU:PJ&PE..+'5;HVD*80;YGENO:P)%02B8VB^@R4[0;#105&_L/IMLMDXG5PI
MHG&&XF392'H(VDT8T1%WCBT!SVYAGAFN\4+%5<=.*A=X:WDL$ZD9%E:O4


MJFEO?W;G1;Q-1\0;[3%8NM9@LQT
Q)91F/6N:*1B8_32%OM0NI?H.7IN

MHKW!I[?A5$


MDM

JQ6T8J&=&+&;.9N?V[-F$I-/'&KT467KWRY0S2D D&9ZD



(S-5Z<T*1M4=?.&R38/)ZY?4]]RV@\^FZ5VC0@.[A:*EUA;]
*#'/&
M7P

MQ+^&C:3
[1/#QJJ6DS.F


<




D!7M^+]
M-=ISA1UZKA$2C4M8N578B(5*2XK\POV$E/?\0H%&RH27[@G]L'V+Q=VQ\7@C






B=U+X369
XP*IY8T151T_[U$+N.Y

7&=_2)5OFBP5M
UB3)M@88)Q)DYU;=8P
%==
M_

X&=VFFE @E/SJH##D:SE('Y;FX 4W3_\*^X@T
B!$5OO0C-+Y)+ROO.YA<EZ\H5T2(+#A^S


M/1/#FA$#$_KHFV%;5LR_IUSMZD']4CH)
RXTON)OF:^YF]/O=3?-;[J;5WWZ?Z]BY%UW7
?H[



MEH7@E2Z!V BKQT9J









%V=8D$7_


V-B^D3%*BR/8REP\Q8A]K0)B(#$& ]



HP%EWOW=A !Q)RH'03!)HBY]Z.M3ZL#WF
7$!Z$VK


I\!+G5+N.@E]'\?7U40Z26

M(C!GTZWK/$DI@WXN##LTMZGF)(;OR:')6URSBLE.MN?Q[5





MJ@K@1!83
4-?E/1!Y^&%.TM[8D:#I 





T9Z6$P3
M,$8RR)IIAL!35C-;#8?1FCN!XTB?CWTT5#?*CK %0*

M#\B;2
V\;HT+)Z(2ZIG

J;2+/014QO*^

'8AP$-20L\Y&?:=+
6-U[KV##!?HR-;P-FXS;(-A;'
MHZ\,\F/%XLN+3VTH/C !K,9)#3!1Z6B:L'HDU9)TD:[&\&03DK=&##GK!(P
M7PXSLE





M-!S?B


(G&P#R;+:+68F
OU^K [B!?2



IXLI
MJ-3
TLY&


5C
MQ


MM

3&:L6PFXVVW/W

MD=%0(TP\15=
Y341M1H$YZN[1$2;VZ27-LB'=U1M:7E@+OEEGADU6EZ$]=I]




M%\BY*#9A)6U9[/EL

M$_
1


M ).



M4O1J[R[!CS*L3F.8-7QO
)U]X^U_ \KE!)L_2 (:S2;LM1_%T]GR672?T/??



MZ2






M N 2Y(^<!. BC \1=8DW:;4C/1<KFT4\XD;MII;8!/9RB*/Q]9@B!C%%Y$HV
M-B46FY*KDNT]5NDV&@_FW^#&);5*!#]O($\?-8NFIS#K75$^)MM?81\PZ;A

E]*U%WUS7!
M#UU%9U
R#-\WV2NJ
SU+7L[&

MH^%Y=

CBBHO*W@B5]W(W@XZ=[4GTN<B<8VG?*1$DX&+

M0R\]0@! 3UFDI1B':T 9@3HU5H0G2@7A1'H=


D=

M^.ED




MZ2SF=TMG\7)..9TE5
6N72_-1-W







GYO9HL
MBAW.L$8)9S%4?^CJ.LU'\HY;J3&IO79#OJ*
EJ._A?DREWP1S09S^/


QL&X[U#;$[[



_)V06_

/R]6=C='='N^K\=1_YO9\W?FHY6;+8=22=8)7-N



MO[KPT:=/NU9R9Q9R6QI)Q 3Q..=^+'9,)C/YJ)P=MA/?VUVJJMOS=J40D)
 ;VKV*M?4HH?;VC


M5?&!0D+?5.




MU&6#I8V3
R$MR
 $=68]E

MY8+@3C-XVPKV((!&@LBPZ&O4UC#LS1]A#(U*F/PA8YF*LAA=[
8$.ICS2/6$

[&&01!S%#.7#OYR.NE]3ZJ=\(MD#B[

\?DNDYI':DZ+V7+H0#,.+CCT
ML#+'I0T%5P
KG M



-RAVH3

+E97&\]4'


M ;]?A8VEF2P%TPR7CO6#\(T]?2_C;O 

M?^S7'='_YOB!%0!.5D]V97PI9'DX1[]=-D9;5;%KMCLVQCN(.[.5.Y(X
M9


;LP-&:+7
PRDX)JF/9T'
W0
M2T'_@4$1-AK^7%)RR)AR+MS+MFWM4X;0OD/X0//_

?P%[

20T1 C^A.

J\$
7VD^(?Q@?H_P

MO



4NLF/1&_L6%Z@+(P/@W9=C%
V$(5Q ='[W
MGJ!<!Y9$EUO7,T!EQHXG^&!].$ CB!FY=NB-KS5,C\[T)FHV4'B2LH$#\'
MRX3I9NDXQ+ S\HTXWJ^L3*$L74?LCG; YZGHPZ/YEC1D;$ZFBHT:R5NO-?^



V
LM_-FVJ\V4E].&!1M*BS.J[=\)[2YIXU5
M;A &/KL]60:1\(%.8)%A:-PA!3(J]I&N#'.SO2FTNZ;U\*L1HS##AP(ZH:
M3*0J.!1F

INC6Z(U(I!


(T8M;:DDU2TD[Z=K5N;P=^VA;X4H&$C
V[MD^G=I]:7FE@. N5@

M?]FUX&

M.(P/[-+&NSB$M]I&D/@!-P

E38.UIQ]L_VI1WX!)\;KO9,K4AK87XX.VTE8Q;9
MKYO'VE

M$VSQE# W*!/^9/M.;

1&VX


#TL#IZQ/6-HNM+;
MNR+GB6VQ\ %9+7Y=N=T7-#.MO?(FH?7Y.)[

H[4P%I-7
\



*\@CLMOKO4*7'O
03LZCOEE$/[I&Q[?I-DNQEZ[%(O8B%K3M1BP4


MS 66$VA
HJAJ)'LKLL8RJ=Q=J5@QALRGBW@QLCH&NCA[%L/$
U[@WNCC+*FZ



L'B;3E2'/7M\0YA]2155Y#:FT\2IUZ

M:O:

MJW




M/P^2ME@*^-5D
)Q$
]A:?!G&0:;:CXB#6HV#NC''H6ZTDTX 9G
J4(W+PN]&


.B6XI@6$/O^Z@Z$B


M
867318=G





@%=%47A7=4MKACS
MCYO)T.B:I5@D/U:)@TJSC(*LXX!ZJ.L_ PW$,8OJ0+X25*
^T&JA$7:N'C
M.W
&U)


3@Q(D#/#^%_ ;NB



EXSF
RM:/.NT1O;:P$WT.C5O^/[




MY;.Y_?W9B/R Y\=FLHQFJV6





FXVAC

K!7AB_@!&![#IL-_#0KJQ:;A6
4J['-?DVIIP1<:?0*VS0*=;;1S9!L#]H@
M.F'JG\BN$R#@6V:=YG-@ G(I 
@H5EM[2X=U\@(-@X
?T\0TO,XD<0%JEP1@AQ-Y1^T]-TYY);#/X.


V-)2OV!69??<(

=:D5G+ *(D
1!7
M)56P%FA+1Q-LG#L





M



A#7!LR%VP:%.75/.EUK88[WOBCRV


 Z6B*9*CE
N*CI J)Z4^=DF

M19
W0\8=:S5\MW[@I'W:NL;2QG9I=!KH5-%-!?:95=B&%6: ;%(.]1W8#O:'


%@-8 &\B

Y%9KL+R$6J?NJN:=

ML5+[0U[6W(&=7#ES]D^=^G 9]V)P\8-O 8+0/VUVAE=8+49U/7WD#.I7;&

M+R8QYOFPGZD+_:BKYT$?BH+ SM



MMA
=7V;KNC'6WCS
[XEZ/YH-PY  7NUX-&&B!SI+^DO\$H=%2^OLB7EJ

<?%I
@E@QGZ5#J6
M[I
+1J6+V6$#(BQ98T
$RDJSCW3S?-

9 HGDO%9MD =N

M[J'_TT95-J(#;T()Q))2B]R*-N/ZXHZJYN16(W^OCJK&ZZC:44;5[@3UY0U5

[N1#VU?63GQOHQBO_D=


+2?F
Z<'$4F@UA4^OIE0Z
M9473)!I%C1]9G ^NO+SL[_4W0PPTS$\#%CJ+YDO,$4,ZX#Y-Z2:2&<*J@ G


MH)5%YB=6REW&4=X7VXQ2NL[T;^?--W_F[)77 L[0TL NSZ/F(R)+8=ZES0+L
MRL21A'


-Q:


MYY%8:H:K K2D@!I54DIH+[5XTDAJV6VB


X6RGD
M1EXM/DON?$C)'P+.$V7K[GF*92I/$8.84I#L&G4S=KW(D@_MASR78@0BUB
M#L]
(H_ HM$K0




M7634;GJ?K




9^;PNT/BPY&#--2@BM1J2
MV$M#0H&J@76!)AKK]^N#)ZCE/G@T)%MAY3QE;0+N*HC3)?H@[/=U3:9T$&






N





?M2&J.8(P'7(M80'N%D_.2CY[B3!]/G
M H+@_#O;5/R!W$.A/GF







M



$-LD


MEH&B /39HFYS6=6DIEF8@3F6+-J=AT$F0D]JIBD8)1+TWA9O1=(O.(=SLQ
NCLI/CMM1GN<FMC!GK<9


M=
%:&7= *5.


M:#
+6:)!@QP'+?DR !Y0#$ENMUDO3#(&4XOP3=H_3102)U_ J6AC!&E8'*^@
MP+\R#M)JB]1@ %&R(9I7K41\\T2&24DB@+56%M64310KRK!X)FO387FFFD

M6GBV;/8
(V*VW\FL @U54+I0VS8&0
I505929UHZWVE*L)D?2XA97ZIY]T)5

M59EMJ-X49



M\?!5O,]67# AP9%:A&IDYFMS0+!IJ[BI]0,2XU%L\7\XD:-=%)7SJ#6@5=

3TB
&

+ELA4DZK*3;KWLX.23&@3K 2%JK-

FKE?)V6
M54O#8\^/:J=[HR=-738ZMJW3X%6B0NCH6*1'=$X=C8_UW)/!B[
/#(E(-AN^

9. )


-FG7DZ]ZF\@DY6NO00







MT7##=(3DWZ?91PW33+E@Y:L%U#YCR6N&1X^8H;.V!QI*U*H+3_1E][,!R6M
MK!^[:#A1K1C8M*Z%:NJ@O93)[E3,I?Q/:F2J=9+/Y-
NGTW2:#?-QEL]R
ME\O%A-BABRTT

M;-SO

7!Y)NR .Y.#:O!N<.VB@+I]2WQ9-+!OGU+9PF0+)Q[!#;Z/OI
MB.5,)D=GA3E1)S:%^XF(R:5'P4&$A&^UU7=)9K@.?36VX+?&WTM=?X;)U?+


M:



M(G3;K2.24

M 1\)#H/.;\
/4UEP@
^@&$
$MDY&J7)E0H7P#%;?6;6I5 G$-] X&1FP]%Q
MHUN7$-X*M-/



MIO)7I
P0BXN3BG7*0_M HP#9W!\0J&1QO@G!1$)]J6TK\^?X0GB'T+&MDO








M:V$7J4@N#?X!:7!%[ 'N0/6
=@J90@@.D@-07GU4.M8L=!HYL( !067/!
MJJ$LUZLET22&?\'%T/YB)P!7BF42XB![M=.L9
E5#\!ZLG7PAW\5*[H*
EQ


I;OLECACSV
M%*BCUL=RC*/I*/G !1F.!JH1-2A$\!T:EAP7^W@T#PB).JUV-V%1O^NC\ %W

MI Y1K(6)^X


$
M48ADWL



M('_N/_6]+A \5(9!7W[J\L 2+TVG$[48YF(Q.!N)NSG9.YOYFT201'7AU4
MUVV4Y:Y33ASM-


@*=-\]=*6HWYZU%OH'X2L8@ZD6)?) -I;]B;
MJY^RZ*;XM\EX[[3WEL(&.H;F[Y






M:[T UP6$P_#[\%-CGU
E=Z: 9(88( !SI:CR7%KD\2

/#P#M8FGX/NEGXE+F:Z;4M8V#C<DQ@_16)CBN3GH@P@:PB8?SI!I2/::
ML?#@4/ 6(+BAI'^2\F CB(Y#1:<J(=+QEV9C$=0 _IA<0]!=2NA B+HPJP/



M305%

M]E:)#I' ^UR50


O
XX7O;RUWM[P9F+JG=&SIEM3IPF9EL3$
\9
M8.11)1XC?%MT=GA#Z.H$%2

PRUQ4D!NTL1JZ40T)&LH%(GS
M2^48X'D/Z5I]L

092NFBRZ6
M7O5+&MB).G^3KLJ;G1R-R4B\-K%PO&H+*L93XACM% ?]RWE7?JN[TDY+N%^L
MJ+ 0.P 7!GJM\7;\7*SLHC

7 1H$UE;#)[)6$_D)9


\;RG+'?CU0
/

MT@]U_ ^Q'\I


'V7[$(/&DL)O


M)*]AB1[Q='H/M&5:RP



)
MJ*Z7L=:_1_2/A04% DFL-Z&D
^6Q(;IJE
\1NCC/I\EIH$JS+@Y1I8
) %BF


HJ








3QO+#
@DV=P] \!)
MC$VKTRQ7I\5KIYD


2 SI8!OMZ3HJ)%7H^H9^=&AWV]P



JPBDWL
M










F_L;
MO)DAK5&.JMZVW_$(FQ1



UT






T1
M%;T5EOO0K0'4!U?0

A54WBSA6N

%Y0ZL8@3YI$

2X!U^=0SQR






MUHY0OH0DBKBZ!-X

7;^7MJF&AF&EJZ*^D@=&3/-/(
M]'?=^-IN




8#3_D
D
![IQIPP




MB

<$C]&ZU7K.AM*=S#VN5P.]2




QHLG$KM*IS8E)' =UQM



Y(/


'HWEL



M4G%'Y@Q366':ST&PR
J@?QOQ4T]XLWJZV1_RLD_I;VV2_Y#^1K*ITT%(J#]-
M_


M0!50-C#BQ#&47-R5Q)@6CUN^7E5J8DIUHUO3L-BL5']_AH4'-)NK96U?GBZ!
M:+/:D:9I 3%AQJ0R@B8V;V#77E:+!W7/%B+65ON1)WM*R?ZJ*OZUATO.?Z4J



M0S0B

$%     @ Y&2!3G!
6&5


E.8HKO6%POP+0J.%

M6P$GU:DL09A((14GVG35



M\%&@ZUE RE@/.


$U)LE
MJAQ4GR;G2N-&1061]'ERK9:EH$-:BVY
7)*EE(0Q]#-: TCFP%C]_9W\[78
MT6X*Y
?8(PDQLA2=:5;=FL.IA0YY6\UK;\ONIXM*NI;Z8VV6(US?7AZX4U#0


VV

#9'[I?5Z $78-K2Y^Z]YE_\SL:TP?\WL_E;&Q\(

M2?M?7NQG1HX%&$CK\G/(EW]

WUGE^B1[LSQ8\FO6CYKU$@@?[

M:
*-.V INIO^ 3 F&-RSCUU_5M+--S=KL29M
&T*4(77I(NO
E5PMAF51L
MVNKR80D@



.]J%9R


0D$5%;HK.]KBMA[%_=;!*R86Z(B.4P7;JL[N

M=JX;=R:[-SPP
43D9BAU(]@]_QGH-

M8XZ(B1T16-XE)VZ!&':[&%U:$(MBNIY9\6/MEV5?O?J#L&&JB*D7%%A&]SV&
MF)@U8NJ5!8J90$Q



M#CWOAYB8=%)BZ;R5[SX'%F*B#TR(I?

23N\9
M9J&











M KUU@;





$%     @ Y&2!3M\)R204 @  Z2L  !
   !;

P% 7@5ZFR18WKW\(LAG8#D@S+V2



/I!M8DN4AKZ


M(5=#Z@X\7HYTEZN130N/^8@T;9V&FD\-SZU/]\/^=6$W?S_TPO\5(YL/WWOK

@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP215:)(JM$
MD56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JLD56A2*K

B
MJT&1U:#(:E!D-2BR&A19#8JL%8JL%8JL%8JL%8JL%8JLU0EEG8_E8+OQHR3W





4     #D9(%.P/\Z%HL#  N#@

M A0#%     @ Y&2!3JF


&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ Y&2!3K=?3;ZS 0  T@,  !D              ( !OT  'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D9(%.L4KFWK4!  #2






M971S+W-H965T



C N


C


M:&5E='

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(U+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( .1D@4Z.=N=UMP$  -(#   9                9=)  !X










RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D9(%.O18B

M=#





M='


4






O



)K(N= @  6PD
M !D              ( !L(


2YX;6Q0





  !D              ( !:Y0  'AL+W=O


  



M970V
YX;6Q02P$% 
4     #D9(%.!F*09,D%  7'P  &0

M .1D@4Y1$(RSB0






M 





M:&5E=#8W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .1D@4YOT1XY0P
  )@.   9

M  @ Y&2!3MWSL= 

M:&5E='







&PO<VAA

4     #D9(%.;L4(Z68  #V+   &@              @ &ND $


M)!0  #I*P  $P              @ %,DP$ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM
7;%!+!08     5 !4 /X6  1E0$    !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-19-004430-xbrl.zip

MO3

MI'=&YZ+5

M:\!VN
&[GX']UU?:*I_;%Y[_^+;5:#3?_K]?/C^

X%LK5 _H/^Z^Y5\F

5;W




\\MR0





E^A-/0&'(IS2MIEB7-

3/^'P_S3.!K%


-P3
MIY[[$'JC'Z?!T3GOP0OK/G'S/KWO=SX;

M#2;QM3FS0]
Y*S9828

MK:!?Q8Q%DSDJ9CQ-9BS?A3^/9$3B?9N=3M+%?E@P3;5*N8(+'\PW1]?O9=


M/=4MSU

MJ+EL])J]7KMBHAQ

C5=M7
M]GQKNZ8[ O


?O=9_9H



63*&JS5;1




5C
BQ


M8+ 3YB
)9(O[DV7M(V*<
M\HC&M:2)V[/X/BR2K+.)YUC



M/;7$S

W




RN55CNE 74CUS)Q




MUF^]R#^[38\7?98GO=KS



[L01JUUM](8'P[TM5
M('[/@MW1R&SRF0M-O_

2VS&8\S!U

MGX$R\XJI]\+4.K$KEEY^^1E(EF[6FXW*]*A
CYR7L4%AAD8&*R=#5Z9'97J4
MG:VS
;LK.5W)Z=4


MTYGCS1D[ [&26FH)6*7W$E;I[YA5L)N-BM_ WX

M;_^;6;^[%O
U-8'WW^##7/:HO@/V8%K=N:AQU^ETZ.M.F7.AEK/9Z70$VRV;

YU=INB/4=&7@D4I-E5]-


M3][N*PD_\\5T3;YU#\Q_@@_.('J8IN'A#BP_*
NV;B_STB92D$6JLUOX[+I6
M8
Z_P%1M-Z5M



X0M1





I




2_LJ@BH

MQ
]952A5V'O1@+O2D=D*R8M_0[OL[:
=Q-J\$)G.@



UV!61Q
M&.TE6[*=:94\Z;&T

M)T3D6B:NPG0T\MWYWI.-A#X-)EGI:\A#@ /R1&\/&2DKE'$64LJQLP/FZ=F6



MOFW)^Q\FIL^I4,((M/7CP&S.^.^4M&(M
\@[KX]-=HRGP3^&*1S0I0(3W+



G!KZ N4
X;%1O84
MUOW75_7VJ]_ZH)@:( A?
.:6IWN9/=V?@?W.M9V_OH+WLE?&V_2HGSWW\3OS


.0'QQO]

_OJ/9EO\1W]@#*.\
M


M-+DJ RZH!I-+
NP %C.=^78 (L@;&^&$T43&GN-XS[;[:+RV7?B4WVR#-^_V
M.^O_;4YG[_^CV6LLI5:(X$T&B%$GF)F8(/G75XU7].^9:5GRW\FYM=;/[=FV






M:Z$ TWG+1V+D'G70[AR*)B=(S6YOL -J;NGL/4_LD+U01^58.[K#(Y!J!MR8




MT1
MPXC=NG6T






 4R2!I


B V(Z

GOSMKO?/TZ=)

MS^

2_=LP@4$[/;S[E8G^-

SZ
+\Q1Y/D;_.5



MDOB

#<1<-C;?B\8O-K B
M1^;


=U=

N+;OL
R'UDAZ!9:VQL;ZTCZ.'N


M1:HM0^7=ZJ1TA\



MB;
](/[4S-V+M]]N][NK@O[)*5K

!LVE;4C.]1Q^-9<GM9I4M$W$@R26BN*Y]*G)[KB^;*EP
MQRH%&VZUO?RN]Y6XZ<Z<DX7GH?@J+N76M)AOM#J77F[..;+9K5:3Q14 NLG

*(KC#P

9XXW9]GJ8&]G


M]#KR?0R0YRTRRN4






AUNO0?[8

3IVR


MN+YI

M;
 ];



;CML\Q_)RF(?.-BO?;+ 3\16-

M1;UGS$H$3$'371BO




M.#LX





M2PW1_ 9K_



&9L%XL&D+(X+&@*PWQD

M5\GVY?OXLQHYXFKHWP)=  K&
?%@X(ED/VUR+1@CWI!

6^O!67?7DOQH/OBM_9_X89 +?: 9I&/O[4BG!6



MI8
5R:0W!@VCT)00E
*

)$P+M@9:?XFO#XPH(;]1P





@)V&ODCWZMWVZ#-FH8
M 6$CR^N'#DQ30V?+ZV+9@/=[?R'NATKF!)#3

?@

1:M:4U4YVK;@RD_2I





?&CO?




M%\*
TNQB:07V.+QHAC:

$

M[ETX$#E4N?LJCI5JL=$:W0T=#T


MR+-'E#9






M2H9T2IL\G0$]5IR5I=DW


VE
F6VD
XJ;X&8

@@LD5X-H'4+X\]4'V]([U,G?:QT(/?Z7NEYCU E+H,7),WYG+
M4C!T^\=7T#\C3,FAVQN(U(FLW^1*U3!IK'(1:DHDDLH(DSWUU ;4BCAF0_S
M\VT8U..!BGC&\ HV

J!*;$BMH^PDE/9*N+GKX
W
@

M6B*_!

5


CA7-E?J!P5#@G&B''5
ML3

:E1W8SJCB+A0



M





8/@H(:^-'H)()V4RMOU 6GT8W09M95*QX5B&?)?-



7P\\Q0;D1P@3H

.%3NJ R.Q_-$5&!+H$LY
4C9G/.

!


1.
MT]9.X! +XW*^!).DE(EA!S2+BF-6(Z)T^.S%F8JB;'4D[5;8DI@J+4ZOY*M



'0$.-T0=;+Y







%C
M];ZHC 







GD9PHP8-K @]#Q4SCSFYD?_FBM2]?

MI$


M9+F4U4\@B?I(1 T\S#8




M+HG#$))#4OLI4F\L@4.&82
.[TJHDK41?Y/R%5=FT/;LB'\<MQGTD6'9




M#&HBOL/W@&HVKA'ER$2EPDNE5$'D:Q[L[35Z;VJ)\JBKAVO\5^1XN*08G\

\;=QW:: A)2 .1HF8[)7


WTBTIW;*OFV]DS'LNGA

M6DN)?[ZN;#H*DQ$*GG/&9M6EAHR42-&T^8PSQ^2BT7_9



BO;/






VDQ520:I.?9HJAK7TY$L]NG!Z\=JNC@^_
M..



6L*9
RE&Z)REV; 774E+\=Z4AJW)'U9FT1I:-(HY(G2








PG8]4N[=MEO\4*23JW1Z!RXNV;E+-R[M^W+



M$[^@+2V0E]R(

WN*3N_(H0CH75.=]/2^
NR5OXNF///TCOFYQ1R-2









7S2E


1K8_
MBJ8!E0L'_(PDR^($
DV:

*+W

M9Y+






089/X.E!:2HKAW;L]OOCOO:
M(?+:C


4T$GL@2
@BL
M**K

*X&

MZ9C$\O
MK%-#%D&YA57%IH*]1N ;'QUX
M'B]_IU[(&O2-D.  8=[/K!=+H?_=AS^@+DN/&#39-58Y]G% (@6]UPDIHN
M*DH%_RC?1CK
G@H7(#9#7#!F1(D_ \JZ%%7$-@AQ%+#9Y:6BH)A
1--1&)(V
MU5I/$2V0@ -!WO
N/#X+?4]Z
+D%*+#))=2YK6%;48
D(F^@K$%! R;;39HA
M.7ZI?I



M
8M:7/(?T50NF]TW[XS7=]A=Z=

M+F\9(2







JE[.:=N(G


M(^0Z;V @(=

MCV5[LYV0[131_8/$S!=-. HQ?MEJP

MN@&Q37Z33[R:XKL9_

MV2PB%$W9'F( 6_SX1JI(1'NV?&KB44\A J



KC;YMO.:J

MY0$5BU)@$ 0:DQ]18DNHT


MC2_:.*FV!V,;*+I5Y LC^X







M/1


X

M[F7@7D.?VFR;.)_*4UIY2BM/:5GI6#E(Z3=_V!*G 2&W/;]5CMZ<M.T]7[1


MIW1!2-P^

L;IZ3R'%I
M%O



L).QD
$I
MXM2
*(0E_)NW-5
-W7R3]V1HMBYZOR(!S5#F=.MIRRYLKNB#O:(3QU?/?S:=
M'X(F8^S\1QTW1 \3\5&

[L$


4OW=[@3++6
YO
B\Y8O .2*[L6






JTRL0V9B7;[A!NX1I&+=
<)5NY_+7S13%

Y#(6O/R?(M\?W?CO#UT3W$#0V8F'T3*
M'Y47HJKYW9=CN5\YEC





MSMZ(



2Z3# 1UG0NHR+-A/J[1\


DO%XT%7A%9F'KV!Z'6*A*5:&<.G0.Q2E7R_8(FH_68)_JUK854XWG&16



KWFH2STYFV*YU7MX7=C\;</2[




(\-C6?#O/
L$\;(51\GF


MS.9%Z:\6A+@POC+9VU9%7A'G/)7%X+

)F<&

M(Z/3;]1Q;M2I J2/:G(BC',1(77P4I-[+;E\FY;P'
YYPT&[\N%RQ\89)1


MI



63CQ






MQ71-4;\S9([-L!FP:BPG+X






M!



'V@!ZLG

M8*^?F8D
3.4/QYSPXHJF6YQ%CV9Y5FX8?%'R^C(&P0U!NR(J&QH%C6RL_A

H(7RQ 99KPD4/H4/@[#XCCV!75U8J
O/^.O(Z98K



*;9L
M^)G;8&LG9I]


2HBC!2BOEF#6QV0_T


INBM[B/
BF52H=MZ9%CUNM)T?#1&T'


P]0*NE
M.+8ZR


M&LQO6_1@E+]6O

M)

M-E%I=E/LC4=R;S;*(ZB\L5=Q@:50%#*?30DLA:2\


MF!4#9RJ@6 KGDA8UO[I G%]H:!6/J_C



















MF^W6N
[


VQQ;M70\S1/HE9DXJ5??ZVKDV:CM-\3



M2I.QH
4O')R





\\JQMKQ0O$8-NTKM&B7BKF.Q2-&4F



/[@#%.I#V 


MF+W





MENUN0J\$/3JIH8=O:;MS=WO
YAWJD?Q(:-_/C O9U1R4JM$+O6:^B+U1G:]-


C7R/3(^G4(03Y


M^[17
M

M/C+4X2(?SG


44 RY:HOG



M!;Q?H0#@
SC=)JIKV4Z@!!20-8

M/MQLJ;R $*B&IY'8PA0*BSLWQ:!?IKO[XFS3/]$X#B$#T23Z$PD''..?;6*!

X).!QN'J 3L 0WVEHR.)*J@*0J*;R$*;
M&!0$9Z&O4@(C  779XMSN-'AJ N=/#&7A :<V*X*KJRR0E !1JC.PN4#V+3

C\OM#Q63^_B($7X[!?.%D0BPSWHTJ8E2G P313GX1)@\
MQ_MAL
C 29LQ&/$28 8];I:CHP5CN]%=F*'

AV#AAQKDA-OW6C67HZDOP<:HQ\(];
M
O_US:5M+9%Z)P
1_L^UZ

5R' 'DDK6^*(1KZ?S +R;:;:.:

M:(#@VW

2@Y7#31U @.7KJ!D.;#1Z@!%Y\F6_#QO\G1M$05H;';'SX826<M1K_'HVY

MCB3%T[U)7$7&&3=9*R$94_:0#*9(2.#L:%&*69T]1IZ J'$#*?8WB(\UYA



JTE:EQ
&J1UFVB$NE)/&H][X_)3M=I*PR-#=FDFMA;\






MI[#]Q].Q*@; 5!Y95;!KP;]^$($$=@7+
A3'\9;L;






X'1MQUA!WZ[LRT:/  *-)W1#3
Y%&!A;_B 0WWWO15H2_GT:  0.6D?F&O


MN!0/98X/M8

?82 @R)!_3#5Y^6Q@33)F 5G17#

MX (X-UJ;$W^=S6.+B3B%V.)JB=K(HT=@




 71S9NIM-:%_I#&%1A

1F
M?H-X.07/J@7+FUE29XM^T?


M O$793!5M/^&WTHBY+L?][/55^SO5FMJ/F,&'VN!)4CLEGABPC*$($69:=



\78MK6U5H+Q]QH)CFB\GV S%?8X<1WE%


T*JW*6!N6<I[(C52VL:%1#A+!I4)1)


#+?W\RV(T;_AK$C)&S0E#0DA/-/K
M:7YK37.X[D*G4:Z%$WIQ'MFX_D!&&CJK#_K&55)X;//JB]?SF*7^&=GGZ.7
M#HSR*\^&\[C#.I;17U(WCL$PA 6.0/?0&^B1$.H]XS;V][M@3(MP2S-W/

M7$OC869U0IH*/(M 1NP&N-$V@+R8:@ :_PWH%A%HHW_(AQH-_5D^5P\7Z!
M!P4*OVMFLD:93G-11UM5PE9E!\^H






C*XAK(AW/P[P9&RB0#7K #@9^6]MZ-KK]%\KBH/A5E#[]


MTTM/T#D+RW;9
S1ZU6%8BNFL'T!ZM/%H_#RN_B':OI;_%Z8&5]S2D[06SJ8
M.P1[XS4\WNZ_A!/=(@5D+)42D(6O Y\TP/,Q,*P'H*7)^B8T7=U8:5:[#
;
M081SFDJXJV4O'7#:$;ULX]#%UK)]+T_K\NBL%ZP19Q-HT+HDEGF5AB
S88[L

]W14&QADEO!A_[(\]P.;LX1:%-2NA9F-9*]XX3VK/O

MN1
-*]


7?\?7)WNQ
MY=LL;^T+5I&684^6BK9-;X7+ZR*QY9XT%@_&+R8ADPHI:IGFBQMVK+7;7F
6

MUDM[RR^8U?.GTEY:]IFRTL$:T%\[W4^)
%Q9A;RW9#G
\#4P*X!BUX&(+TNR
M8O62P]




@7I'8S

G;#@
YS

M\


M?OGN_=KH#

MFVQ[CC]_Z3


Q*Q)3
MZLM'8M9E
\$['HE9%S&E_J#HY


GQE6\Z

M]1&%#








MK3%!(4D]MC3%^Y##L+6 (7BL-7I0@&!)-NV
[R7

/+V#T
M+V-IX(#4'LJ7XO\)+:J@[AAPT,BS&UK*;P=]J41 OA6[@\&#!(* 3=^()_F
M(_Z*J7;8M=&)B%JBM^-;/'0].*GUYHR8H]'WL

M([KT\+_3'2#UR+%PP]K*--0(R PXIO4)CL4&'DYAI)N5GFD0W (2HD46
7

2
9_L99P$SA@8 G)HR]<Y#U=9F)]PI%T7$\
M@X&+$@&;/B*ZX+=A.9!Z=-\.DT(,KYE$Q_S3,\$=#<?BPDWUD^[Y(ACPT^!
M%5?@07@L0*VV+^W2X%-&;- +/B)^$HBA+T&]7;_]J$G8-JJA. YN!+]DP/AX





F?



L7#:N(J8&@K\'\6I@XSLG$::U
#$+$
M

2/\LGLH8YR0I.%@.I9G@^TL&8K#Z6C2/H[4IH5;
M65-6#R\@_'1?KN P:7OT_'P-;L.^AX,BQ^_2LN=$=ST XR\ZX(1HIT_$AB7






55
MMT4 \BQ*A'IT_BW8]!8!Z5/Q-*B:NE%TT
@S5C*5#FE'Y?B68#D


&@Y#RHB.&L3?FE7=:&
@;_3L1]3


4T



MI:0
?^'OAFK05A%


MJG$C'E8GERVS;2XVR$UM6XK^P[+0T#3/G??@J+;^0+3/GOO=U&G2A_^2W2R'





M41=P%+$?7S @7=$B?@].)=@8YU+_2?OCQ N-SA1#GUOP$86Q^3-AKV:^?#G+
M%R

M$/@%B/
'V#;LW

MXM9

0H)'O@

M%*+3)T4W6-50Y%*)9Q

FR&=\F;I(+JN!N@6J..TY*BE.MY76&R5# &ZZ4'


!G2U\[.(H\PJB9!G4PGL




M9PT@%J^











+C+BU
M'L WX4_GBOE5-TBNMQ.T;T\-A//U)J/[?*V)WQ+[UPQZB=8.D[I C^H=SY'Z






W%O7!W -V1J<


B*NK2D^X4TSGY [<\OR3@$0Y@<\\ IK_AL!6







)7'R:



M26\FC5\1
PY;L::]T6BP&VYV.(#T6P

MNQX@V2T1WU&H
.C-Y.



M^4. W-X-N]274&8TRP.7TXJRM#Q@[BAC(_6&




M\0M5(B

M

\[KZ'ZG $

D.Y)H-:!9!C


M1LCW






MR-


M



M'7+J.

\&P1]@
M@=



YR-25
_J+
MSP3.M
HC^?+E+(^&2^AN=XVL[R'@^Y=X!

_O '
338[@Y/
\LTUHJ=RO%_F$0.Y?EDV9[ W[:
M29F8%B?Y3T?_:.K&KV]<VR-OA%]J!J5Y6GVQ%-.Y87W&[ZW/BODCAS#BQ\H
MY(NQF0..@+F^93F@IH6 VL:IZ)ZUDV VG&22H@@]:)]QIXWT/3]8.A/]*
MN7PJ83J*.Z.

M5OH;B@
+\(ZNUS8]V5[\)+:J.^3&UE42_-'A?W7$W!2Y(?8=O7*(DN;JVR70
MIC^01A$VE0&C



;:]N7Q[
M\R79MIKG1-W,9BBJPSS=.\Q7 !/PU-T)?6EY7+QZ*F7S\B#60,[)VN.X/#2
M^4!7CN



M9;T*;FWES\F5&95O/%M=X)\N+9O^.F]X5/=YH68T]D


B \@W]C?S;4$!?%Q\(O/)O9'




QC?:6!%2E59BDE2-8+#6]0%\





E

MHI*V-L



--%


M0])\2UP%.^-?*#;VT




M0%<.#5SX@^J*@\OSX7!G\.T
MSK49)

.-4X.NY/WC*TG0X
E-U:()
MA38K3 ]Q.HYD2C/WJA7]G0SCB:KQ5K2*6\J'?7EW@O:
;/// 
IELZ'\ZF





GP9++.E-E@/)-&Y5$)

MN[\.)E#

MJ ^!@6I5^[WN

9T-'V7FR07OC=]LK 


MKAOR_.3[3*51FO?:P;AV[BVKRU+RR


.Z09
M-&TAI.DTO=-_M@W0=)*V$- ,BI(G8D9 E;#69=^@9MTC:F4_4EXF#.MF[
MZ4^G:BM!3:?J-ST:][4#TG2BMA'2C'@JIE(#]IDVDK2%@&;HOK%FIUH :X;R


M9




MD[EKU;4@&




M$H




M-GI=SG



MAJ.*DM8$2K7


MW[M9D&M2^^;@JJSW]8-6J^(W1[E*E0-M%M4:5']C[CH \X[83[I*G&LS]VSQ




ZUFWVTXFZCAKI-*6%SA2_LN1

ES7:4/G:[GD1<E





VJ %6#D$2[[%P2#?AA_&$MR1=+
3\K
MYH_/EFU;SWC6J:=QSB!1I9][^UKAKH%NWXA[IC@+D+4G72/:YY?O#H%#[C5(
MGH)AUZGJZD\ZMJBHA7 G
RG1URD_ /67B)*'29P.*@4[?TEV7_0&U@D4Z!


Y]@X
MVXB&R3%3)9F&M.GWD:GU8+/!.



=\Q]?I



M A*(%;T!H3
,+B%KA&IO/GFY@C0YW%[_=R+._8RG__%OO%&[_.N0ENC#WB#1%IYN1
M%-UO-Z/#PRHE%?G;C2AU M$_R4)7#?_&JC/\N9[/=94<CKQMP<A5Y.Z\#D%





M3Y[


MXZ(X ^XL^F-'M$H
(I@$P2$ZRYH(-2 ^GGH-!6!
ML)LTP:^*[@E?OISU





M^P0_C2V00+ H

MK^I/\*-@* _$$!X\!V?H.L(SB'E()9W)N .DHZ0$98]_C\LL_Q:@1Z&'8.F)

PF@Z
AS6\%?+%L/!&.+IQ7[B&%6WUJ0^
M&_Y$08AL\,# !@%V+/!)^L9O3@HLR


\?(-;$46WKN1?Q:HCL0E\*&NVJ0G?#D'@H0-@!)5

M9F8N
9CX982J:SR4BR'1W V/T+46QF:=@.-+4.&
SA;RG2F+&%GY&G8&1N

V@$P-
_P/9 VW67$6M':
M*J9\:Q+[P.-F!Z7VT0!; 8['=1$#

9LP%
5@8OF3G8V\KTWV#$03PR8T!?CT<<OI&0;Q\ZU
MOF=65)4A@O ]* 8^M %S2$ 8U@#QW7]

PG

(.LTBE] 



M1*]P6&36!R\6$2@/PRW^$6*K[
R+CR5A=S2$#[ S!0)B7\MVN4]'.M @$J.U
MQ)YHW^%_

B6_W3
L%/^X*FF5B:

MK-YZL*PX'


#B64
MYGZ^#GL7*#9--\U!DZQG1WA/4UVLO[/SX6-+?64A$Q**_U;)K]?:X+G*6FXR





M $$2X#S@G)
*N?=W?I<]:7?217/0AC*3+*\R\&\X
Q),G\J8265\ZM2X#)K.1&<@?,Y,;?-VL=(_=?
MIB7SAP;);!3X8#Q%,-XT*&96(QB,X2F81#.@DPJ7A& :VPU0/G3E*43)MG6

M[!W5@K4ODJC-$DO #9ACZPWO4XSR73G=#^JI$%*T99B:TJ1[E6PH4M7;@N

M
4\87+




L^W8'/\ %%(-@953T)1L4]^5'1M@SQZ7$D0TL)@
MCJ.E:HU23+&(0U/LC]J-&JM@*!VYZ$VCUJFS&U


LDGG5Z$3[I5.

G
MZS]@ 
$) ?8%?ML+]F(:464A 4.




*%LBJ/9.CO6F
M2Q; HM1I&S]H3]+YVQ*HK?4X-N//Z;8/0 00N=)-:3#;#*!_^4MOO_00'#



;P:TN6#8]]XLC[)^6KB-'5#?<B T]A@R_8<BPPNIVL'HO)MP+&(.TVM3]
'TN, [YA6.02JCL?X
M6QY&*]HOX_CLGY[=:G;L9K]Y2.H )QE:]<W%C4D<)C]2N*G#(5JW=.NU#

M'[4_;E].B]X]/UL4]TE0I51XVJW5MTVQ'?2^(ZR82Q2I0OP6#7[E_W[&;I
MGK%'SS:%


MM6








$=$FNU:\[#M$2]
M%E8$=VX$=TZ68;]M=P[;'OJ(J!.;Q1XY==Y


MT^

6;+2'GYL$(^'9V%?/
4X^#*(9
M-O/#SGNXIX*[9CW$PZ?


M



MBTO@E!D(R




R9?:R/?DLF$88- ;!\X(A


CB^J9 OU%F







TIR2


$B5(;[-B/9Q&HZRT1BN'5QJ1DS






0&E6&#P.=: KAIC/@T\0&O
M5

A(0%:
*





M%7FLB4I^T''U)F^=Z$O7AU]




B/
3+/(R3










MZ*MN5*=&0ISJY;4;??NZ7NK^3M'0:MC=9M?N]4J]])WB067#Z7
_IFY+?/8'
M;?7M7O?L':%M'7-+^F%S7X@&$_RFFI_L4DNLAF7G\XC51KURT?)M$^H18:)E
A?2#/-M\UUV7 ]-O#)Z R_KM9Z=F%=X
M_%9^Y]O<[YE],ODSV2:UW(W6R0X#I&9TU&&.Y].]HS9R:B29FN#QX6UU2 Q
ML[MS@9%?!





FKV.


M_YYV=6+EY3RYJ.;Q





T.'4&+V/G+LGI_UY+I#-R)'F!WY&^&H@




(JX+N%V( ?= J


_V
!S^=S$SARDI
MFP)@0EM@A!XK4E)(Q@#^18







;19$H 1HXX3?^%_Z4O#C\J0YKN?R5A)4%2



M3KP I?U8!.(^@KQ20XX[SZ0!4LZ&&LJ;/8%
)XA4+
?@N93^12$^D;*!'0_I

ZVVUK<-N]NN&^(M&P:T
M%:&!N83/8_P^R3Y'/)5;H]<!/A!LCDD8['CHR=OTND@0 =$K:Z/HKCT38?'
ML



XB344P/.$#0

W.AP*O%


;I!' 6.5XD8MRDRKZ
MX%ZG=

*X##I%*J]3Y3T::Y 0@F
03


M3

23
3@0JC_AA0!
CP?

MT

-/8A#&*%@N*&5*VZ/?)
T]@'KFO/ /
C25\IPX4*!1
MO2QK


&$Y_:]1ZYKL%$SDE\&NCA4P;

MIMWJ=E:(DR'7NYC2 PT\2?IE:$O&14K0%]#2=1U=KA&EDAIT=FGRZ*
TO2.S
M2\A2Z9)2
DLCTCGJ1A)(N]&V^R!M.#8\7TVS(C[

MJMR&LF.6U=STFPP]EG.!.5J%PTQU1=&
?/( E_E7!\QH?HCH
QUDS%FXDQ'=


&'?

M!:IFDV+)
Y1A^+89@%CBVAD@%*!0


MM)LD8=7+&CF+K0ZE;Z2]1=J
3Z6WR:P%7 W?8PO=
3?.D9%&8A%I984[$ST8
M^'))\/L@ZT




M673KF /
:9]PY_ G7XQ=W8LB14(YW1BRM; 86'ST


P0

MKGR0&^YX@3Q4H+$_9+DP&&;R+YS$GO!PYW?H&?9:$^?(F2F3DC#\O4.+*B

V6(3D
T6.& %1/
3*40V[





*$$\YW%)H^8[


MYT/B)RM

HPPG8NJJ@)

H?R
M'[6'&F7/Q1S]PS^YD9'94*4R5*D
(C%;11+/CH<J-


M(V6SG7=U(X=RG\J]]B1=C=:









K736GEM[!Q;$3R;AK

ES9VKBEA2W

M%FHF!SJ\I& F84GCT2G%2VV53XA)0TC92TR?TQG1)'FJ6D)%Y1.!)X)8M:-B





UGDGM28

\ 6LB1 H

]T-]:]P\HHX^U=
MSX&IXY^N#\Z#

0;RJD9@$
MW*?1+S +C:0DV4$;4.4D[G5IKY5(DCL@*SHZ2*O^8L;.7 Y@'@TW4K?Q6P

P


I0=A@'Y86L6_XS:[

M

M'&$# _Y+$%DW_J- 
0$;QF/ -N
9?N*NZ7 9Z%K)?DNF

IIQ0+



MXR_3O#Z?DK4PP!;% X[-HU#V _\*/@ K4?#-#[B$E2]$Q=(!/K $IAC/).VJ
MS
LW+1O'O7$7=36\%Q\M%8P-N]WHVMUN;\$X.%/*U_F-DOXQ(*)+)@K





L Z


AA14&M
M=I(!3P4/21$Y/U00$*/LJID!WLMF=]/(;CZQGCF-DUJE/$X$*X8J1R-Z^I$.
M5H2]!D;$B,,G8I%<B1I/\9^M3G;(9A;MA#$'7:*PR*)*@'17K8L2.P6H7E ^
M?6&J Y4OHM]*QH.M)%ER!;@BOD_AZWW!PMMO@LM5T92W&NA@0?B/7PK33:6
M^$\
+(3TT 02D2..4B?74!*!R:_S#!* 9.2R1XG3A9A#U*;4=S!UIBMY)C7S


_2*$HD*)7J;\A









 X'9Q!&]G0I.
MV8BF8HC1*EWH,3<L$V3J0#^Q86X=09GD$?69C8F99OKA\8HA8&#F5F#F9'-




MQ#W\AS:YDBOS-79_/NXAB!QZE? ;V&%VW&-]UFBT/;W7J#K
2IRJS)S?
O
M9

MGUJZTI?S!Q-=/:&TS[3OZ:J5:]8_464^QAX5%H?BV06 \=% ?\3Z#P; *44!



K


M*:-*W6*DB'


];VB3Z)]39PR:LR9P1\$B+HA

4M:K5.ZA@S(#OQ$*51* $0;.

M!0$!M%+V'$(#=' OO



WE2X

M-1MRIT

M'CBU.T./VQR;&SK1DS5&YX6\*NJA!1Z6#
+IG/TX4O%C_3+*CCX^6-.9
3E^

FW


'66+TE+X+#I0 ^






M(]5QZ'R1A

M=H#&7*C\?^YD2:LMZ%V+!]1-+KDI

M]U!_%' T5/4 9

74*I[#Y/N6UN9-:8
M&/$YLC.Q1S*E


MG.;B#']W'DEIS%Q/Q1&RUI(AI['KX!5^BP09-;_%-S3SWZY_-2#9-P[I#9=A




MM6\U'Z!+^A0OZ$W\IU\*V#TI$^F#P.AZ^'KCC_X&?()]-2555-;2R5A+?S]C

M:*O5JJ+.:N*&7^@K7RU/\P?6Y

I!8MVNF!NR_0[B[ DL/Z[5Q@JZ)(


Q'[E@5


M'&R+4T+H#G1/%Q[F2P?D_BXY5^&.C=0
 B$G/8
ZE(J)3(L1+ND_4$PN/8KC




M8=


\%C':CM*VL+^8H7\1.KRSOJ3KC_



M(@U

U*A/.YY5C&1C%$ .C@?.
MBS&B:'UF_4-.I*88PQ=*M7L-!@@L0QT&GF(


W#61^

X5*S/J2_JGO^DG!/VDA3LVM

M





M6?9+2 &I*_

MJ&IB++^;[D1
[D[2AUA!S9=3LQZ2P\F4@+P#IO&.JHR.HL$UTU$(]'3#!NRJ
MP/D

Y


I0*R#@1;^X/6);KC?'\UA#OO]*&0YZ=WFB2'1R;?FPTZ

=3*%



M@X$PZ0B;E1:2G;

39WLBE;G]:W

M8VPJH!#DS!0);Q2W/T

/ $%)
M:LRY7@GW#EV4$*PJ383%1OU1X:N03T:JQ Z?*NFI62F ^6
G'?M\0SX #T:Y
M+LP:/DFJ^.6?/%KW2Y)56$5T3L:#^7;&'HPD3

M+_7;@B]0ISWYBJT P58:-*7K4SI+725 8YR?%56FTTL2:02?I]VOV]8';E\2
MN]$3KO#%S

/6S46

([#!?7Q^$3B+([
DCM

MW01V:1^#89M:V;*BI/)I(E:R^M9=I'V5WYQ0D)4FJ+8O!C. J()11(WG#^$
M/1?3(QN(.ZZ\97FCLS
AGZWR791FD%H^K0:5C%15H/-_7F39&:*W^8UM31@

MK'3KHZQ@D!
Z8Z92:9#J; /=+N8:&89AT.VDS#Y_N::305#YI+78I$FB=4OL

MZRW%7((X@B6C=WMW3


M8.C;K[?8/27PGCE3; 





MYY:TW

V:_VB





M7U^&&-F!CM^MN.F7S7HIB\U=NUV+X&INA5;66V5U8M-.4KHVL ;M7KMMM^ME





QL@-

(E-O;^B+.
ME7#NM-FJ71\[+M2
XY
6B!7-G1_-G8U]V*FH\Z2T]=?@6;DOIRL2*Z([1Z([

M2?/9R
**X
Z-X
[)


7





M!BD3\] =_LX




MT+SI'DXZ5_T+)_]9SU@O 56XV+\/F$2:]S_C


MI&I)^^5R@N7)5)6B(ONHHANGB.ENI^S4^M

ML3COXN-XS'/]/M

Z

@H


M.G#77ODX[P8KK/%\DSZ+6FOKQ)!Y%Z*'G9OA+'8\.LX@AY/W#L^JM[QI

M:A20AY@_6@M@R%&$11[%









M^F96NLOM



M5N0*OPW#4(UN-L3#IB2!W/J+RF[JG.*3OTE7= IVK67=#\[9:3-HSQRT8]

W#?SIA

M ?[ SRE?
N)\H


M4'.\J#FX';&)B



4]E4.V[
YU

M)
!_\8-P GIAZ1G^:$V<\-$%%-73&/MW'

M\6M:T60@3)3&- %&ZU&$T1H*SXNFSM#U'__\4_TG^O?4&8W4O]-0-P#EMP#


MZ
D)83'X'?[]-IA
'?_5L$@B:V@^OX^#T/+%S)J&P5($7WQ#5OK-OX,#OOP
MR7I#%5#6BQ-9

MO#X?SW OQG_^Z5

6^RQ_ZQ\.'GZR1&+J


P1R#;_
M\ZLS? *^1]?/X+S



MZS13]Y\';HH&;B;8(O._#AX=V



9NA]+\EWV.!G*Q?U=L*W ^.[PKO



?YV7FL3AT+5



M=DN0E@ZI])OK0LHVSR
(/J!F81H =^/

M:3&=





A20A!&)'8#?:



 ]


MT48H#X*IBD+N;TT1 'FV=JW9H;.U:O5Z;6^'0U91AX.?@=2_ X0O\AC_;P;6

MSC-9N

GY\BA'L4:


QHP65]?PF^/P5Q

\@MR

MC9L41%P)_4;'S/!LH2LM(WL* XWDQ9_[$*
PY=H-_GZ^]_S7
(@6N3G75TT=







\]Q4B&C#:@2MG+!YG2\X
4-



MFTV^M7W#N)D/0'##UPX ]T8F.\/=.B:X%Y/O^J#J!'R)$]D:)9^QOP:4=BW8
MZHRH4;OY=TPG^AK
_B7@1



]!JL]YN=CL%



.K+7#BY0*?OWT3SYZ$ UJ2A(S= V^GT0IV7V/2/JU8G\
MDSMQRW;^I\FM4U;3(+8SG&.'77?7X*R:7C-G6



%A RW X#408&=7-LGI(C!7UTBPDP#




MP:U:O;4CQ5+R

M+STF%-M!WSIA^#H.0DI)_!!


M?T9;MJ6Z[2U?


K@%&R.W
T.O

+\



M6

^)HP_V=
6]XI@(^B&E)\?3,Z:+#)&1O[N9
MT$A0'-L%('?/L2#(!S!4C-\ C5&VOKW(-/$!!\S:8JS&.&8VV(S:2HTED!C





DB.&^H87]@*IAMF2ZAENVT$5FD



S23N59L5N2/Y5E

G#(NI-_*[%U^$T9

M



 NFMO@VCU@_UHHMAP+JT@^



\4PW=*20.A-_25%@^11&AX%3&Z2S
M+NS1^JGGD*EB/KZ _&O8A



 S'CY0;+*R?XAA.N[KV7B

0\?BP1KGNZS


M@




3
MA1Y)\.T*OZ0;CV3-_X2C#H1GD(1B0R#MX[W7&S=8DSWSJ4KC%4*51]\CV4F&


M5]8Y0Z'V'.M4%L;29K


J5P97NF==QW%+0IQ4Q0DN]\C6SH_

M#4




+#BUP/WR0L@B;#K?\%3Q6KE
-+ZZ4@;IR-MGHZT

76
B:RABE_'FZZD](5&\

7.IH2T?3K2LSZDSQLBNCQ$
M=%4A8DAQ!BO6T,2(DI(BT-$6EQB@A+0X1):3%(:*$M#A$)*3/&R*&/$0,
M52%B2D+$'*];4Q(B2DB+0T0):7&(*$M#A$EI
4AHH2T.$0DI
\;(J8\1$Q5



.T@%JJ:ECSE?ZR.R4526U'







%4^;
SD*W

!104-@B:WK
M4R]8
K@$TRX3B#/&V[TA=XRA!

M1C\TL

RY1=^WJ%_@O_Q\BXKT/^#_\/4?4$L#!!0    (

.I[GYPQ=[=/@PG_HW-!YO23\PL-
MJ 1%W]TOA$_QA)^PGPJG

\=NXQ(


M7QW^\\/??_Y.'V:/W[_^=/^W!_)_+^_Y\]??_/#FXO #F;_C]^%9TN7GT)W1



M0A:X
!SGN]F@@CG%IW

VG:QY^2<)/?!
MY920?=ZMHRDACT/J709_DK\7@H: 1C8Z@X*T80K2T
@EOAO[_=H4I&B;I 69

2U



VOE@U$Z*WF&!4^[@






MTU*
2E=AEN_[NGQS%$Z!8RV%?$9)2



M:&V-6=[*KK#B?3@9EK44]$U\']+?8F#G&

\64BT7FH6L+)!+-H[8+UE*TI
ML-PC!MTM%OU.V4:VQ**=/V2_UO34RR3S6]P@=E%.FA6C;(1;55-@G8]%9-'
MG



+-BE'VN



MU-ZL8R7TTTG'13EVZ$RX2%R3]59R_4]R0EI@3(K3 D-:0[@-Q.K5A\5AZ.6
M^R(1^=$/(0U7^45&
QZ[)!(4?=EZO5%EVL^\

:NJ/1%C
^!4
M/93&RFB.\8?+.



A6Q@3(C)$ZSU


*SZ2P)/G@9<P

9R649U7W4'+Z2@

MV^'
NE1?.6EX27[CVS5?_VK034=@LX)Z7 G;*

MZE0?36E29W4*3=RFI



M
CXQ6YMELXY*


!$M+L*EGURWY=E:$+]-^3U#/&O
ME$FPOKY

P=/HR7!UM;\3O..^DS*XC__N\2Q8+%DQX6@)_



MVT7KK@1
BH*]R*Q
MBXAV QYL!_&<N9V
Y5RRXND(=K*(=K*_L=7$K


P:=J_BL33]=( <


[R.
-\IG0P+4#)KI-&#_1$-5

M)LRE(D0_!MB W^A5T=0SX:#=63'[)%YX)LG4 QHV%IPW4ETO1-F0V=._%]

M?Z&T/![S4=P=?K \I[
L4%O

?^7QL7*TO@B*-@

E:DK
MP5W
=6\P6 5JSNQ* ?Z.IWS-+0;+=VZ*



;


-XFN309HJ

:TPH#(CYSN+9DDH55J


M4/N*28XNTR
%V(YCG.D:
X N)W?IKDVGL([-!JK(T70J*&B)EL?]Y:3&0#XY




ZFE#/
M((ZA= F9Z9
SY0Q%4_ZF'GRPFQK=?0JPG]



)







MUOE!DP W)%UE7T:PL$J(*B^M4-;YN'WB38:OJ[%/+Y T4D?H:#@4%BOYE6!S


MK.88--5:I[O\4:3:1*.KL4YO\L$FF;:KGQ]- -:I/XK#B





=1ZD263?:U7W

M_PW^?OVTL@7*.A]M@V#((V!


&?@Y*'^:5

YO[4BV]JU)X_%M$ZQUGLZ).P
[$].7
YB&/#0CB'T.T&[[.
;&IM2ZZS3G%WLJ5*K

!VW)M-%%3;IW6)!6K.4EK:)E9



MH5![PYZUQ);+!T

M: E^H^G6JJQ3_)6X#_C.0$/0N;G:.N7YD1H)O.RDK78J88*P3K\F_MT:(!\D


Q:2(PY4UDQ)4VZ=UAL:
Z^87:]H%^
MX5VYH=X



/*D^(*S^T


K=T;U

Z8




=I

#M-%NE?O7-_B3Y[WUL)^G

MASQ__+RS\_S\O)VD3_YSBG]DVT$*Z^XZ+7 VKZNCH_G_[$_W]_=^WEO_V#/
MV]O];^_D'][\Y'S[94%(F?LY:45^_D1:[1Z0?P[V;O8^?7[_Z?.[]_\+'#+W
M\R)KA]Q]^7EW[WAW=_==!?Y+'4_/M-_[OP



?C7;VY\=[&V_9.%6
L'A/)

'


M




\-  WZ66!@P=B_.B^:5J=31N4_#4''90O






N:C F/FLDOLWZ&X

M8*H
J\A





M


M2




[%9S!R9T*
!^D/\]RA^.BBQ/EPBW1P'I$;.

MV


@9L!HWXX5YPW-)9%5JA

M'9DJV0\GPU7KU%8]/ S_K\C*1T';NJ0*:Z4!LQV20N8
B'+W!';\0BUN$64/

(!T
;M-A-=^0;J^BD&O3@5D*PMWW4X
MIYGET^Z<LAN01P]^<H\(\J)JV-V39V-R??*C<FZ5R]*/+;?__2JGKV?ZKZG
MVF:E==E.XO19LLOZ04T

M?;CB?][2LM-00&_2;71?U7R





E#'%N4G)(MU[(PXF2 [(

MRF!F:;CAGJ-CW?


!8BK-['63 
 %QK6#_T1@A&.TK!_6%DN0Q6
[82KGAZ^\)3I+KB3


MG&8%1N2/%;#G)Z''@(]7B#Z3\J[XTE>WV


M
TWHZOW4?!JU&+B*H)OR%K*8'


M=1KKV



W$MMK1P

MK7XD5/;B!C4K;-IRZ3U@I6U70]D]QRY&[!M6/CFH@[-M_2%BXL^O UCAG%L@


+XU5WILG)
PS3AQ



G.GE*BCJHK:VESARUO=6#FASBUF6%1ATK_J%A+#NY*

M?BTU(
T=(T#X0)FSLDMG@A< %?%)RW;PWOC9U+@93G6/*L#*OR79.[ \

N*7
M






CR*!*C0M$




F.]W(V3(IF-+V5B:VY[)J[1+Z=)%?*4KC%@VH$0$[%W+*Z^\8
M

KGVY1WFYG
]EI
JJ^G2'V(
M'FD!Y4 ^ A]MF3JUW*TQ/EN]GWA/&H.+(G[4/O72N?C;=FZ9VM4$N$W\(HRH



M1&FQM9GBTKI]LZ6+_CC;1_Y(T&#K&/%9MII_]!]ZR()\\R]02P
$%     @

3@Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM?5ES





MY7_(/OS[Y
/K=Y_(Y-4KC7%_T


L
AO_G&^S<;<K8C\[^Z\;9#






M1B*N=#)#UPXY/B

S

M6=QPIFMU-D/GGR0

+T+Z'$Y61DU4W)RSI
&DV<B\<;G_W=^J[9RP4D]$,AQHC=W/O:SZM]?IW
M0VUA@I:NHB%QZ8J$/W7WQ-C=W#C;0J(5N<.Z
R)ZW E=MMI$J?^.GS7_1ZX
M-
R:G1%'W'[TMW&C'^GL]M\4I09#=$9S3I@P.2T8:31N!_:.QC-&IW
'=.;E
ME

@)O-1.

NN


MU?#OO

LT

CH&#AM= [OX%

N6Q%O(9$


MY:9[D6;^:R_PQ*Y^P?]9H)L^Q31PJ;NA7 RX9V0O_[48XVWVOX/)J\FF5_Y'
M$KB3;(A)88RN**\/XV0^H[3MXVHY#^ONTPV?7HAK7YQ+]#Y7DKGY^%(?ZM

M?]O$U6^8])E3X

M\MN$A5RQ_O;;P=L=+3Z+J/NWW^(PJ6'9!DJ9T@LC!PO2\*XG3T?7ZKL9Q;#V



 H3=%XS8



M#15U*3\@QB@=4C(%-@$R.-)0498S!
)LV+(C;LK3^3?FILGHL\P?-4G@0/NG

M5:&W0/67
M6Y

UD-
UF-T172U



TOJO9E$2/R;I+




MLM0


=AE]L52')#^-&
-.($0^V+WM-XJ


M((K#M%CX+0U7

MA%G8\_I!XV'\CFW$#8VBUTP6_/H8A_.:'9_Y\'65#4WZF?9@0D


 3$XZB)%=N_=5R!P1T77&^=[4
C@7

6S(HAISF[2:[XS68( O8\ICFZQKB\
2ZO

MD-+
#


MA@GP4+E7W-V854

M].+B6&ZC4O6;'=1IBN7D&II4@TNWY7JKM^(!=3H_#UQ1KCDAOB)58WUSI&N[

 K8P1KF9




6S'@1I
MVVAP*+T(4$:WG&DU RQN&%RP0=2NYFG$L'P=+Y-K72365EDB::@+HAAT2
=
M@LAN$/8Z;I7?K

+Y+C_
J+S3


M(;O%+;MNF-EGY\3S;G1N+1A?*VX8K%X5:^_WSB^8EX7KZA3A*F9:1D3Q$?

#P_C \/(?& [Y#' KT^[TR?$3/M5%PN%CMKI/XO3-

MJ*

MG[JY/O?9X


FVRQ:8G

M\$H
4[]7XI]1JI9K75ODL@5)AN1K-_?S
8OB2!PRL^R[DJMM

Y9D% T_U&F
'6ASUQR(.

MC^DYUKXK.]9N^]
BOU'+R'.2AF#:ARUB$_=3F;]1#Y4'%U
![DD1A_OT<<;J8_WZLXYI


MJ95M9_=[\9W)G(59='\/MKIR+7D].]WGJMUQ
\PD&Z=OVJ1BX(AM?BGVYX

M5KL6\L!VWI6PD'-FU$B+V7@@.U:]-I!I@RZ3&#I+GRWD













@O



MM6FS*5C$1-12^3
-+XF_







MBV\D(%FR')U\?).B&6O2SSX[&G7VKY@:VO7O)5JJ8Q8F141(.(8
AQFRMV



I)QGI_RQ.JA,CYZQ8QMR#Y])JC.0NJ;=&C
M ) 


GG*:H[=9U^L_$BY^/

AP&DKWXFT$&YC9E&
ML

03 XBS YP?W*SHAV+?.C


I$IE6^?]X+7H^=;_FWY5J/5

1)2



.%MS8_K%% I:
MV:8S$<6 QDU^+DO34 FZ#P/:I3P

M:UB\6!OCKHLKM6EE^!Z0C'KJ;MC1!;RFZ\! A3@ KR[=U:*8SL6BDOD[PCB4
MZSS4]


EZ













M/=PFPI3D+&PUW$ AUF

MG0=.* ZJYT'5OE)W5







A/2X5&N
]&-?Q@R^ZS)E&U
MQY::V3GYU(FS5N#(SS=M9([Y/-

MT!5YWITEG09PVNG-VJ _R.S DL6K?J:P_?@ ]Y7WEBNP*!FYY9\S@&MN&&L^

MJV2J_$7PS=C\TFQW[W%*F8IQ? 
E;J&2OU]+'KC95Z[.QX Z[4T[24S 'R

M[X4L$O$TQ-_F/-Z2([\;JOK-WM6M*

 2)


-&4

NW-%R=T
@)
MO?1 );]8EAHCE[F



MNEK;FJ%




U-5S8NK^8#X?1EB31.XXQ7-EMQ_'KSZ]0'40)3A
MR^WXO_:BGV=\X\CG+NQ)_^H^_8MI'RP4/?LY@=)64M-3 HE2=L
!



G]AYVV56WW!22JGYM

MWQ W9N0K&F9[]7/] /*(O4X_BCONKP=Y8TNZ6$^Q3JT =4\[\8%]@*BC-@
H


MH@EU#Q]H2!:TX VZWY34_

MG:9'A.X40.L3+T(%]#F%E


[@X\PU%6)

M@C@6KQ^+UULL7B\KWII+K;

MBP2#




/6


4[P=J=F_ZX)^R([D\0]IKMO#D3=.N2]ETLFCF7N

M2X&$T2]O]





 'QW.
MP-L&$J?.



.A0[C&


MPNJKW8?)K9=1=



M?S3Z6GJ]5\+ &G

M&.U[-6Z8 56Z#-M-974K'ONF\_/ %0F0$N(KK$+US9$NUW*B(43L)@JJ$/NG
C$MAB  OAJ.?-I^FP2<DKGG4 4(< =KU:L-
M(*'BH*C?5EK (\?Q.?SW@OX5NVS1R^48E'?V%JB.P
XR#@,?C8]FX.U=D)
M7'HOO,66&]A@CO

M!_



MKGY\(8K)0AO!^MY#@U#&!7@ 1(1AE@?K

MII7 5=%QF)A5&(! :^L-#[KW9#

M:PC4' (_O@U9@9_!#9LW*=]\PA4)R(*&9Q2L&5)IAUCB$GKAQVX
008B
]HZ

O X]A&KJ0;#LVF6DNE<*DJ#BOX(6=1VFP7'PP_P



@N.CE=X)Y\;@ YUQS:H5Y9-9+)9



H9KHF'#F[:B5:+W3DR3[:R1US6H_&V-A*X7%#




!Q]Z7K\;UHY.Z0-7X@]&WY/T



\-TG6P$)NRQW%!




MD4L6//#C.
U.YM$MBXF?__LQB^)+%O\GC:^IPQ:!*
Z4SW


2_<WNLZ'&/S)-K1O+%52])


:1(R
-\&OGVJ4QEYC_VXI4)

MQ]%A*M[I/Q
O?MZ=UJ-IO*3A[9($1:E0MT



=2G!7AETI=HJL3




9U
D?:P
M /%#=7:FWERSLPM/=V8XX(

M5_ CS!'@$K.57G=?'8#J=





 O)II00Z@+K9]^^WZ

6#@/^(_TECS13:+*2Q**\N0/.Z?C
M0A3UW(40C;)!UB&THPV8[R;SF^NJ
]EX_SA
YI&(H;W/JOAU%$8VD:SL]O
MI4P54V]NQL^UF62?R 52]
SS-758X'B^EVKR='XZGU
1W4&WS45^U5OV_77T

M(R



M1@4#





$^






57A


M)W?

M@WE#
-6KI5
M^L!UH[6;GYG#WPF]B\^#* X3M4=\75ND^Z$8M!N:?<47B15QZ0#][!S4Y((
M6X;* (QLYK!!N0^;PJ_?P--5FI;\
EN?&






ZVIU^MM/=A6=



3DBY(IVD

&


M'_A_7E53$.D5@']?+@_&WB2CLQ_M1U[LAU\+ AOG/2Q(#SB@O_:GRS71^)
M


MD_7')NG7MMZJHX_JZ*/Z8GU4M[3?.#0@?'?5M&H4FP_$FE''([JCWYK&[T%T
M3QUO[O&SC^JE$^YBV9I1*WF2SQ22X9)A 9AT=@'1=0OT1N^W'\D63HY6
T
MT

M$:FA&ESV+/LR1Q&-H\.[* Z)
M(XFU++:;64JKJY\!M$HN!(#E5^*4T.
LHXTN#*7FMM A5P'1AW1. ]KQR1:
MPA(O]J5N$22K)Y4G':T0\=A21!'U]2AWH


M(L%3P
=^5KQ&%-L-!)
:HC7L:Q90F

?D

-W1FL9)B?@3)_3NJ'N4Q-\#+PUC6_\RS[=.75HH==XU($BW8Y/
M4LLO_B[;BILXE\1SST/UK


M/U4/]TZ@Q1F(9\Y(

?^O0'@&_B

MHI_061:^N4PWV3^CC\$6_X1^QBG.@S++_QG]$B1[^I?L(DYPCDZS[2[!)28_



W

M3_1!_ZW^\U5PCY.O$)4DA)3VZ\=!6[72MZ[!7N
\SJ+S=!KJL;8G^&3LY.4!



/?O#^H45HQA^8_;[D
M8#?ZMA^EWB[WPH'N.!W5]]8*OYSH
?07QK$:+Q]ZYEEAW/U@;^(D[C$E^1
M*2BZ3







M&!118A
<G72:Q.CWHW6+E1*Q!R1P<9P(X&

ML.WN


+8P:

7AB4C*W8F;%&)WQ




L[]\S$\SC]O
M!+QS1X5*[)]3H67GG'589H1O%Z2#O8UR
U1T7S8;7:)_V):KB1CAO



3?M KU]0E@ENK]/DZB.'U0TFDL
MY))#8H!]X@PEP+!%(O+;%@+ 6/%AR!\)--R_MH_'5=21*GADB\&T/OD48B#

Y0 PQ@A+#XG124$C!7K





M!ZP\NS$0,F=F3/M0&?C=!HP2&8*D[-NK1ZJ%%&C.6]Y;VG.R#PG=+Y]#'+\
MF41SHO3QR#.MT%*[^43AE?E#R_9%9\L5R4IG]J4P_R3!W6VEZ5R4CM B'H0

M.7$XUYOJ\7);I=-P9I_

ZQ9M/2TUT1K





4

H

MCBR5LK8X+^/:%LDKBX\%8%!@DIB7HI9ZXJK/[2RJLOX_I#R\NZC@5 ?6A=





M]IF)6
(0J20

M8;1 I20ZZ;Q
ZG*Z6Y@$Z8=8EF!7*.&RDIH 6K^&6N]G&$008A+434-
RJ$'
M65?







T+DI:
8\HC8K@]0,9&K'T1:*.?2+I![KA$G X,T<F\@\0D424*;!+4

.V/TV+A$VLMX3K(Z:8]Y7-R0WVXR\I22_DL?/V&@Y*[V


MO!B
&CI7'$8L#H


O=[29YB3B@+ECG(5NQ)WO
MEM^-IG5$ZH(
^HI32G&'.]):T+T]::DL#+[H 6IJO[BJLL!J=Q@S127M+EA9

SG#G(U7K[&D:1_U

M
(P*&2$D;O






'AEB5:8
MJLO]QGD6[JE_N4JC\[2

M8%#+ BFWK5ZK(J*+*F74TYYC85HT*]

=0;^&/[LB




MHPI&'VS(H]W*.R

U2JA2LLC
MD1B13\G


M2
&.F
/)0:*-#)R

R^H4ZBWWGQ.18]D8:8S-4




M.5LRR\;QX?0]V^
$:UB+Z LB
M-*M*Q.UHB3@8/+M
:0ZG+'\E8U'2\:&(2QZ)P/5YT_\=#$\$H
:\:$5:8T9
MX/RI

NYK&!=^8CS
M@6

3#
(L$OC?]_'.[KG)9\#


MM-U;.^
N\790JPJ&S'9XN4B#ALKHD;3 '$*BT2U[XRV9@W
F4#N-U8+VW;M_




M&;J]6Y_^^U_65V?G-[?_B





M!-LDG1H
VDBF[H_D.T[QJ_IZ %PKOAL&WE6G!

.?W_V @A*=


A^38./+@G-@@M$)]

M[EWS0TP+5$35=;%YD^7-L3AKDP&JV
B+N5V*B4$.5V!#&3 DE #CUULLMV+#


MYR5#QKH]-\/KQVIXI?B![CJH/
X9^J(:D6R(5/N^/XR&'=A]MU44L:1E07(=
MQ-%E6F]\2UZ@5-IIS*(:\B!B42P*QNRK\?'!98TT8G?
XQ2%E0(
+MW@
HA3

/..]

MT'C)Z'L-;K;VAK5W(\4GWL(IE



M(6X:;U A#I%DAG[@D%Q _3VN6TIG3RKME5QR-T\BI=42@=/2A(CIRJ)+WI

M35(8Q+Q
PVR+VP+4FGN'4FFW@1%*R
.H*$H&'*I\?'Q$%0:==7H=4%O\%/
5 2FU@7 BTT_I9WFDZ&1WL0389F3 8JZ)#R.62







YNV@ 



M

T2+DK[P,%5DAU5)H$!M,^XE+KHH]DG%8=%,$;5!KL\!RR$70

M47T3@.VL

M*;T
H-5RZBZ:=6'@

WZ)ZJU7D1F2(
[OV*XX='

114





M')R5I8_85 PLLQ0@,[B'(=EQI::Y2-F_D:0OK( 6%0/()F;&5L)U*64P;




' E







$#'^@NFX?_RSS*Y0A9\F7U

M
5OOD7\GF/Z#%D7=9GD9_\[^+GGM9JHN1Y--9_JCPT0/#-LMP/(EN3M5&/3K
M@ZX*CYS%14A+C]1A[K(AK]=S:L9-NS&PR3HE




^2RCH@-Z-C
M#3!
]YY/F
GQD.A$:-[XT'3/!L
4?T
M%-1/6


M_L9



1I04]
:#*)

]%SN:QAWH^_M:96@..FV@&4G8IC+C!@1)3A$K$[\Z*IVO6'5

M#S 8U]M9X:(5B/L:ESB)G_ XQ[FUMM/C+KLN#0ZZS%3!
-0.[YBMO^9$@-9_

8LW&3'G56$RD1ZX^\.Y]O.6RY.]V0*2
U7Z:HF
M_#)3WSDU0^7Z\&=T+?8Q8]E


F%E T!H+)!1PTHK6@%S-[I9.BZ


6BK$F+S!T(F0H


9XZ1

MOJ#'$TT^UI35J0MOPN!9OPO]R_:&]HU7\67C9.!E=FXL#]G62;!*5ZET&1%L
MJ]#A:
]2'\!E76/(^XFEUUVPGL54(&W!][RKZ9IN*I:H0V:L&73;%0W+&PYZ
MJJ[3Z)R_X#R

%[W12_@K
4KK@T37,'@F_F1\<%GSE# 0X+ CB**!<Y;LLH%U$@  PB

CY[R(=-NR#Z#X^S&
M._8V;\L@+W4O7IK/F
7U!6ZQP]QFK+RBAM4-0SQ!7_OX06?I\I%\P7[/5B
MFH+ Y
6Z
X^W^]TNP72%'B04YD62/5^FFRS?LI6Y)O+/6-NEX;3L4I]=AJI@



M.U6G8QZSDC8R*+#.$JOG;4.T7(2KZB7LME@15T5IV?D22^M%QIV2DT9J#C/_

M1._W)1EJ?\7



V_G.
V4UL@
$V+8N\P%=YEY@4Q#58?5
:TZ



4]D=525-H2(


=

C-EJN2=0$*S9*8!
MFT(Z


E92=UK\]9JP; D'8*ZC%KFS88:[M64-4



]-PSPZ ;

V=9PM]I^&GMMT:1*:*H-AHUB+@ZUI_^/J&H!!C^[



SVS;8'M2@%<B6TJCS
M.MMIVP@X4BOMJUT+QT5K_2F-@M<P&#PX=,H#XNV&+(N!Q@[KU=R6RC3KQ+ ^
MIEH'#!,-@?()\GIG@:BO
Z*RGIH;D*M6H# 3$/C::$.GJ_F9G-(W3I!/9 =

[44]S@$







^=.X=E%

MG_0B7*-/!=[LDROB!A3KC31:YXZ&%BHGW]F:=C9%S_PRVHE\IG:]4WZ!SG!^

^9\W/^$B;[$?5!MIV
MMV^*GX\W-[1'T0L\R.E;;$7-5C'S?X4[^-S\:ZI1NMU5M+%8Y DM%AB]4C4

\:98 


B2D-
;
M]D/;0U^$F-Q36P4X! [LBG*@L*91W39BK71YUFNC73T!03JF[)65
C;9&AW'

MMM@P6S8&AMR']D!%_:T%@*P:['PCB\\^TNR5XQ9N_CFKSK1SHUD4XVW;!T


M_98%OA:?R)NR'%H:;4^GY29=DAR!JU0!4MP$K\D$T18[1)]89'ZO76B$%8]J


1HF$^'8:J'9(%^IM


B[2:' ]^*N@AODA7U4?3FRS?




60AGZ]
WM
M-V3

4

%[J)MNO6?Z99EZK@BA%?L%8PEV&)R&T+IW3X&?OWUF.B4O4
M5 D10\:D8Q.+],2DU=!KU_2V,@Z^9B$RS)AM]F(58'N8A%DMX)8P2/2WM8
M75TACDU.7!Q6$)C
?
1&W)>HP/E33-R:G#CD


M6

)@;((.(5^/K^
1VE$%M

Y*E@S




M(3;


MW1?DD46(-8?Z#JNTT?7NY787Q#E=E)P2#^0!RQ:7



M]E5





EX
'QB% 2#)64
4UEZR.!66?'B]^514FU62/FMT7/+''Z?2DH%




Z

LPZ13F+


=HH!



ML0TZ8!3 P33 $


MX[JO 
/6VT %&70[SAM%0%6QWW'Z0#=IGN

ML(6RE+L25#^XP=L@IA'ZAU2T4#7BNZ:%OH.ZJA;R%KS[#0?!UI7+2+R/\35
M)^MN\HY!\Q:'PCB[7[[(4O+Q^3U G-!!U(I9S.3'&([%_$BWIFBQL6E:*L$
*.CWH4( =''@(Y
#P2@&..P!AHG5P%5U
]Q*_

MNX[3-.^06?A@7]



M
.AC I&+3JUUZ VA#=&JSJ#IBN:Y5H0QQU[U-I


Z


5U\$I+0]]E[X/TL]2!

.Z


MZB[QD!ILEUQ(+.?=


25WM4!9K9-F&

M*T5UF0I&Z(HF?4GB
&:W%T2C?



#A%!F*EYN BO Z\%^2],\@I/+,+%DS@AD
MN%/K=VO69\6[.:K^6[K!=B]U='




8\*5'X^(
MGI?IW7/V5QQ(

M=7







M4!!5Q&^EN+O4:GK078HUN2P
DZ$'J'9EA!8 BEN]P7F.(Y8AN+9QL@  B:Q;



M;BC6T;R2=RK9(C5?$Y

]!G%YE1?$1

V72F;^Q
]+SS= )8/M-D03

M _:9C4A2.LPFHYX]%DW= H 3AO4\4
*S7 
-((YIB+[[[[[ZBGB-BA7*T)


7P(\L^XO
[CDS&3ED(]2V-H!;U1[KC!$Z







'-:XU
M(&4#'-=J]9Z*X5 _9)\MB]H2
 K):+\^#/5F35P!32SHKKR4FA74DHD!8,6
M*F@<(Y@LBIAA&MI3YY!_W+WR!(*HPY5\H V/XQ@JF^N/X\L/(R]C%7TG_NB

M7.:E=+?]R@P%;7MH1QID4695DPO-0\VF8S-5-B-QS$V=L+/Y2 NXG9.DDMZI



;.6=_KCV+?CX]BVUWE%9FEM]7I
M*ZWC&98X^B5+2#-T4KZ1YT=S\F3G809N7B473[#L8\$
.W=]Y2_:5
+HJ97^
OZC4N-G1%#_TR!ZZBIUSM:**-D068DI1
MUF.V*:]Z:[6 \\$P ,:QEOT*BUY]2%PZ<1JR4QUDP/CVX_OI(:Y*F4@Z*!?W
MF1]@#%J5(*1!<

M9TZJD


MO1NBZ9C%=#Q!M91?XBFWP.W;@$8^^8:Y;0-'14#=]GI#P?.%]]0-X5YD^28F
M0V&=DX5[G!]$1D%;T$@I[:XM.;F&CHJD

MP:\[3]6U)&?KE(E7=\[^%X1+5YM606;_J8T 

MH#C:/P?[%5





M2OLT
M 
L$72V8Z\$

M6'1%SDNA&AB38HYU3

ME(=*L)P]; 7HM):2%[K?[A



96HG:N*BG1OZ[TH-AQVZ#


U?U7Y


KD

[FCQ@9

5=4WN)AP;X;J1(V#Y
M#:;[CC3RGXFQJP0_YUDA.Q^;VA@8MFL[;
QX:4O'P7H=?#GS\U:S-O !U3T\



DA:?Q;G3VQ/]F)/


D0ESSC^
:CNV'B0U2
6E1G:-1=DFLO%YI%@1S#P

M9U7*7


]:8:L
HQ8*3FC-86G6B9:J #@WSF0+E:23W-VNQVQ$*;EFU'XML4

M:9@2\E&_.?NRU=_-'7QR)*C%(Z_%7/$L(T'08L0^&E[\KS!]ROM '#+JP2
MUCB.Q+;UO$J'(WG-ILHN1Y]=A_H#QDP3#


%A]I#2G)3]2T.2U^KHV2Z'
MA-/7V1]13AX
9DZ[*V\FF^[[;&O']3L?\ *YFQC9!:_UW4LX9ZF_3ZXA7R
M5WE-KF@?SWJDNM8Q3+*TD#
H?M0QK2A4+VO.)8/H.6#
\X*=DP_)V@07_6C5





M+=T7&E


-W1G/0+S.@IR XBJ$]_=7.
LCM'__%#/?)71\/_$_-4=@2




M*.NB9/CUQ+^

M$=

MOJ!CN[




M]?*B).+HZSA%KVPI\268






M PY1//W2CYR9ML2@!&*5JVV&M^O-2!+I8:3/^Z8@M%T+VW^  ;^65]F(.T


M@N4KG7\_!?[P]]/?J0/^.+9@ZO^NEL/39WX?4(YO2V?:RYY_66^'P_NX!]#Y

]XM_.'8N4U;'!'-!*6X


MZ73

OM



D:A&;NU1VW-?;BUKSS?[8NC*E?-4@M?
C4R!KAB
D_?5]D]J=










ML^QZ:/.0O^ DNLCRVRA=UHOTY+@HIM!=3:$-C1 M$4PH1%WES^G=K[ZVG;
2E X<8*



M[N^+




M&MH
/1&/ZX9H_NR^VT@O;;&;V\

M$WQGK0ZT3VL*F/^:K2;]H@D+6JIRH5.3VBZ'/7V[DC-#]!:;\BJ!/-Q9QIY
M:-_,!S_O:@6VHCSL@_F:J?;Q5M8^(!ES1CS!/=B7]B$/\(4B#*D#WMDK[



4K2O*PN$CZ8YT\63FU2R)CS



M3F$TUB)YN 68%VK7APPQA([CPFCU%BE
?OF
H%O#=[4)F6#B&WVS!CS3A3CH






2!1LWJ#:VDT-;TUB4<)\]]^.] ^(F2_AR3^?KU
MD
?













MP)QS ]$MBHRW(9P&4?4[ 
45HF[3DA?TCG-Y^4TO^?#!RU;)Z6W3'T1&B3

.F_(UL7(T.0XPVAP
QWAKV

'@NUO!-N($G





#1*$P;
/Y9O-@N_Z+$09
M$EV'&/D3OGQ2I]8R]789)]+0-,X+99?)CI+0:1


0BM26%;K7VA)6Z45FM$^D9+2$:Z

3P_H
M0#KK %85;?#Z]0J=-&=6;4WL_;@I^2KVX0UEM
F=UEPA8OHOP@'O!YC 4


&9U.V)!(QQST-;OJ8I4_VM!X6&:3D& #=7!2U*!:[#XUB?4GT










M(%

MSY_8TZ:^^'VY9KDXP+Y


D*Y/OO



M$'A33*MGRO03H.YQT%XL,'0[3AWR:%S D\$ U/*(@0)O5SMX=QAV\TGQ?J
MGX
N81

8IB8R

#E!2YX??:5' '!








/:B#E:^3%](:R)EHL
M07$]O486

M4

8I(6/T5#(-BY+TE&6;RER=2+U

2_BY)(


P;8
7/ :]^P)(/
S

Z$XC6\518C!SZ@#CJ4RK@$77ND!E[Q2&FI(Y2'

72N8\JAR0VBOPP36I GHB+


$6XB_K/*W*'\D3%


BIK?2Y






]5KB+O?KQ'8_7S

M$=[[[

#W&3YK)4-N!893)1N''Z+O%@F]ZN$


= 4:0ZZ(LQ::K;0#V-C


8C_K.%/:AN%BNLF)#:7O0MS





/%Z5HFP+OV@N9.C01UL
M5(4-AE3<9*-*E'!2O&32WU+

M+=IUGI:S8IU7-@*Z$NAL;X5G

M@OK@'#1PL7WOA

C)OP')S+0Y&H'RD)^+7P


M96HG/B

M9.HR?7$M* P)E&P8\)R?)9#$

F+R6P&GR/CRWR;DD!I-?I\DC/ \(


B%9 6D^((PS:\J)22Z$
M^/B_-XT$2J(




!MZ79



MHO#T7OYT\0:WC*G56PTA1'9V8^M;NY8D6C2VS?G'I5C2Z]X[O1XQC':WH'-;

MM9BGBW0FIEMG16F9&X8H_?$_T?D8C]7(9A.@'*F'7+Q!9UVGY3/



3\!KYCF9_PK3+-


_0KZ88L$G
M



!^R;X$




MY1-_XL)5U!



E$@$3D1\Z;/T8DR2;H[5/Q*:/6?HD3LH&Q\4!=404;H,ZM,.I<H@H
MB+1*PC71; *TMIEH6K01T;L%Z)$3340?/M%2<9[67R+;^'1+(^(O &2?+U#A
MZSMYKFA9YD?;K%&GI)X4?$.RB(@9A&ANN@%SHU

M[+*HN!F :-D
@_ QKH&('!%MX(J70!84

/=)1ODG



F*L$L^RISKA]3=@?/A]VL(9?1

MZ0:AQ?_Q]V/RD=&MVLZ!0JM![%VM/K /[PHL_KA&H-&MZGO77_[Z^:]?/OWE






MDD56*K+0-9U S1Z(0-CI&DU_03SSV&$0NBE$NC8ZK^.'A/7V
:@[JL*V;[C'


MN\

MC-7ZIX W\WU)&0QY3#S% ;7A ED*.4+[3Q
'.Q6%!(ATKK7(1W_$-P1T$U
MS5+I?I5*10ZO$:\A-61'V$;D.Q2+B/?W;(V1Y$Z739KDC@0T2+?\$Y)41%5!


J)Z0^.RT9BT7;?[KF_\;_K/_$_P&S
M'_Z7_P=02P
$%     @ Y62!3G9YI1K&:P  L9T' !4   !R965D+3(P
3@Q
M
C

M2H5
4E;M[$L912(B



M
([(?_PIBO_T/_^?__/_F+'_^_?_Z\.'V14E8?#WV47L?[B.EO'_F-UZ&_+W

SN/--B0987\H/_SWV4_???J+-_OP 3#N

M?W^Z^/3#Q[]]_/3CQ]G''_[W[.H_9Q=7M]^]+ADI%U[&6K$__\):_? C^\^/





HW)
Q_7<=A
MP';#RW_F3(8NR)+Z-#.9,7PTY1XZ?HJC%^
6-SI-
R\#LBQ%7E#&0



2CK


M%@:;EKZG'8T

M;

4_:R:1VZ()E'P_26BQ33FK07
[-1
M3J SF!+0:[ 3T/&!OV

0C9=\A9X70XQMX<9K
M@BHLX5YUM@UW_#3=I%GA1,..W6_1 %)RF97GL]O/_!C?-/6+O]FZ)D
(2U



%;G7I.(
M@IN+ GW#G7:(L2U3F6_8!?F-W=/V$OZ%M7F
=W;I*X\F13P!FRL?HYQK^BM?

M5

)F\\IDVJ[HD?1]Q&
M5




M7]-P+T/+)-Z8\K+B6ZPAI

6L@
MC]C0D%'N\/3]W<2AO\[BE^B!^*E<<1NZ6F:DT1UDN[ *'YR9H0%QPB
]O






@N
M7_TPYT;97^



#J
M7:%(6S-F''D5!G



)P2.2'#I

)
;N/V.-7MZK$4$J29Y4M
M3]7'=7S[$2CJ68$#LH8*Q_CKTZH\VC8D!9E1
-_P#)__*GXO#452+-S!ON Z

.^B[.$Z0K\/8%JB
WG^O< 8/!*&
)7OB*
M2@&&T.WZN
XO
#!L35;@A4R=[E1!8)]\I]9\$ 8&SU+*TT$?X
S/05!GUXD%
MCD#2@#GHT(0??\I.SA
+# 
?[I.O
U'=L2?MX#P/P9!P83SQ#+-[RTCKE=L;
MHQWF5

/SP;
M#?O_X-%[5?E]]!C



*8 F/
&!

8+V=_U
8[P4C?@R_IB8#G\



8KIM@5#_KS








MY*I&G=%H5A_WWV;ER+
_5V
CR5#0+[4?J+O31#'5#!_5F;K:[73+L2/'5M:D
M$3R=A#%-BNJ&50R L 5



6%D9 )*P3
M%&7^+[OW_\7R-Y)F)%AL&W&4;9\7:7
TYY04(?7\T6UZ90C\19XP(;HK9*8
M^UY*?ZBM!F NJ

M.@RR#*7L08UL/=7/


M@.[.HQI@EP93?CB&Y99D9:
C\:F-XSR(85B@.APZG='^
3Z+O43DS22Q=.\[
M. \L

) 0?/)F0U9#8INSGW]CV7\262]2OA]3XK$_(]Q
8?(9ZNN5DKZ-LYD
MR30

MSM!@ .=^Z\9F6!/;.7\V452+*F7%.2UI9F\Y5? H[) 
Z=RF'@F//$.3C*


N(IDFT&



M_N


M7%91C'LP!)
 (*L:8

+<32H$I6W$(0U-V


M



A?59550
/X#R2]Y265S.N(A&%EDFH1GCU+*5W$#09

NM3LS%54%?6NZ.8_N


M[U$F;N)H]4B2S4&K2L_S)%$&')B-XCR.VX*
Z+DV_J
$'L(EEQ23
9Q'B0\9

M:A;91J@54[
! 6SF(T'Q/G5\*P2\=CW;?ES$*@.#P#\ \M8L6Q:1'POHWEME


N2BQI.D$1/76J
+;^/?NQO%4/6:HW9;E

M



$/T*
M/'YD*.[V2VZ:;<5#\--:ML)#I81%Q+/W\.#_5<13Z,_3RB2RZF294LR'02*



MWC^4__?7V8?9@1'L'X?.
R\*9H?N[K3W1;+RHJI8'5MV:1S2P*NJW=[5^+:/

M0#TRU


M0@6R\YB*DQ9TU@W'SN'1=6UN$8=.COUGQ;GX-$O)4!7MX[AXMD9+3S41PO

VZ^10G(J)Z%=NYW+
M%5!
A?MD

AT_A]T(A7FN^L?L

B
MHK:?J_KQIMML2'E7

MI7




8;
BTXD-R'2)23,XD1
MZ?0 XF4M18HQ7CKBQU^=1NJ*#X8;/@*TW0:^$V9@V/%*CSP::C $N)HD%
M5G

M8BFO&'_L72SY=IX^Q&&@QZ3T



-H+P5
M;[;Y+B%V^Y8%
8M;^-;HW$'L



& (UZJ*
5+F)*+9*-L^7JI-LI/(I).\%\/^^
UE

2SF


M+'




HV%ZRTVF?%\0KZ9.S
AAL.*5

_5@+/]BYUH46R\B+ZKV*F#*TT#FG@59DE[FJ\K64A?&_(4[XD##
M.ZTN64WGL5X-751LME.MV([4F_E)!P4WDZ5R2;%]3QE& !CVP&Y9C\J$MN+
MVN( 3BQV
@1JT]];6-RB\
@^L%C.^3/3JICB_)4J@) T'Q$6$@IJJJ[+?%F'
M:?&S[3:.O
-OZE5Y/I/-$TGD.!D/A -!I32V\VF9DGC0O88
M-O[AL]7K 7_



M4]6





MZ.*ZCB88


.D'T)B3




'5 H%SLQ2XG%L
MA]7%G
W2)_29;QC:
&UI#]?OE#U1TK$ %U!542(H2JWF47F@/'D1@)J9]B

M=(__%?61O](4I6/I


\L/;JXOK\.N)^8\%\


ME28H2]'%]?









5HY7T-3U:T7?)2

MK6[ _::'9


M-Y/F;_CKO:4L?QA?D2??;+5OMN/$XY-O-@;?;





[E6L<YWNOT5IB38KP0[ZL-<_OE8KG(UB21$J^$W7 DU\_&

(3A K-YEWR[(-DZI



OLALK2LNV6XTFJ*:
2#P:+Y:]Q'/ Y/I#DF?HD?8@/E(O1D/49


-7*7H




M'05CSB






+-6PZ+NYUE$&$W\1-T9]2%VS<:(5ST-<WGMA#ZU_[7H%[8:9




E7=2&;O^FW@[:S8/OOAR^AT$R_



ZWO3GZ&<:


BYKUG;ASDX8+V@




M-5W3N.]W]

M!3/ P5%P:%









53]AJHIXHJJ(YUY(ES%;
MYYGF;QYHP\
MD\1;$5VM/D _9WL*H%X?F&QKH?


4R
D

MJNN%WT421 :FI=BTBYW'$=/(



M%OM?]_KDFI&?7J=I3H+KJ';/5-^XX:.
(




MBR17
*G+B^K[N7X(/0J*84N-VG4HXZY2VM)NH



MEMDHCA\A0%MI'[[@. M!







O[E
@X

MR9O3=

N($#OYUEGRU]/EEM

MN4NH?[@C[JL%*PJ]]AP.BJY[8\=1_+*DAU3?:\RBK'95U 27%E@&] .__+K5
M0

/:W#%
B
()O#%
C\+@.9K58Z

_-Z8P75BG^MT876.Q'1A'0T*
MTX5UNK!.%U:,%U:D$9;.%?*C BS'F.9[]Y0UCX*VJS0LR???VBKX;L29%P6[
M?\SV@PZ6WUO]5JRJ-5E[4,51:G*DFK&8CY-C%(50ZP0[Z?&2\]G;^?Q9AM'
MA N5.A.DNML8L1%3@D-C;LU-IRY+FB-#125Q;2=2
4%V=.;=MJK4E=N-7.O(

ML&3+2
0AV[^QJPR-5NICM=$(V7:M.D0;\\:1WKV:DNZH;#7#P7.!K(@9/M!!

8@?#LRSMT.3
M.^^M4#NYN;Q\W3UX?::+;$V2Q[47+;;%Z;K?UZ^C+*%12OTB#\@M]_--
^%R


M *

GF









M#($^







#FP3 XLDP/+Y
!BVX%E#)=XI_99

S]ZIE
B1D_GQJNC_(<$3!B[6]E!1(/_RM.,L^;@&5'6M/-

FJ0]'LSXTI3 Y&DX.18\9W-I;)



M1;

MY


MY


;N'_:0/Z4TH%[R
M]N!Q-]=BE]&\M
N[C D3.14X?

&H
R.
M(UB5!W.Y9.I&M%+Z%(F;.K=3@@6JKBRKR


7-%?.MPMCEC

M83._]7!K\6)Y'04\.T+NA9I;C[CY&+8*-06U6S




M)RM-L%%U4O7!GT
&0 0F@-HB=)XGG VEA[Q?_D

M?^WQS%
7E+_

*Q=J_KQ;L2B70_''16&K2W?W-,4+
M3)^QH *P.C5FU/XM($3%X+XY-[P-)Y*$$HY:P7C%


M^R8-QL=WH
UQFI\48:%55.B3



=-L-2+.




'
M#(F'GD.VZFFP

M4*-TJE;XSJL56HA3152N$

%A2/A&2WD
6RVVGSO)
M5




LP-^Q7\


MUCM





M7I(A

5O

@55*LE

MH6(1AIK N+R[3P?)-V)5U$5N*..
3Q578S*)\?BF.\#F'9@GIU@QI5B/P+IN


!BKH2-YFW&#U
M[O3D:T8GC5+J6\ZMJ_@DU =W!
;F8_D^J0R-U=EDTFDVS



M9A+FOT
PXPL:AXTR+/F6_?A<
CN OP
MZL9J+XM6LQ'QOC5SS)X-D 3R!W*B@&L1M]ZFIVO#L5_#(0-^1TL7;^*?A1U

M1=.PW'6A)4L)W?=4PPJS#Y%]7/U)_(]I]GGPGG:RWTZZC8F_-O+GK&&8_0Z+


MJH#KH&SN48D5@W'H\Q:^]#$%S5;K M4OO/C* 0I1WWY.%JU04=T?X?LU8
M+)DC_^+(D):Y#I66_T0RZA4&FWO4KNO0&7JO1BPFMS%KH6?7@\RT;4QV) &


?KCT1P9S+K]\&XB?036HM?*


M$:E


-.ACINV







G.27;V
M:
IN& ^$ T&E-.J U)%X9-$
B7WA?^7!VSW[D[3\!6_5;N3:PM-3SNJV #'=
MEHPXO]


S0&!,:&4V+P^!*;8U#K!,7@
M)+?T_AATV(!#<WMD'U@L:PG=-*_JXN8X- '8J[J8@MHYZ!-VK1X
.MM''F'
MW]1MIKH;O_% .!!42F
+2&

!=G$UU%&$O7K

MF#-J[85E]A.^=X*@ /2#@F+M$6  4


XH2_C*4/=[_I'J8T?:!:
MBD/6:NC%8<W@-3CX :T830:C6&G%<V[]D[LGM^Z=Z16
QP\%\B*F.%V=^$'


MFP7MBBFI.0VX3#?1G)MNYY$T1X:*2N+:R23$!-G9F$#:34^-QEZI1J6(B![8








MQ:H^KN.






ME];


#--!6904A
M78)E27/G_N$Z.5.C@G$[FS*43QG*$01XJ\$1ZV0X
I1_B=BH+PG-^%L9+'6L

@_#N'!=K+P.


MR&C'84;9Z6DZ7-KMG-^0#-$0TXD#@WF:$HAJV&XWEF1Z8OHP\?Z\S!H A:#3
MW+494

\;$X;GOQSF[ ]T3G]!GKO?=


PW_ =(
Z\T/T6QA3V+4FR-QYC


+D'O99.\H=X3#8MLLDR@

@Q1%U#:+W8WR

0##Q7=I



U


MZOU$T!B*E




M_S587+R^1K9R
]1U=;X.^Y0I5+)A_(C?D^T^4=A-W8=097^4=G$=O@M&6$OV
MP
C*#2'57_A_GKR4L-_\_U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .1D@4ZV;*^FIUL! &0%$  1
M                0    !R965D+3(P,3@Q,C,Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M .1D@4Z-/CY091P  !A6 0 1                =9; 0!R965D+3(P
3@Q
M
C

M    6IX 0!R965D+3(P,3@Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D9(%.

