

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-008215
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160323
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REED'S
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		161524028
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-217-9400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REED'S INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140512
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REEDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020122
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015

Commission
File Number 000-32501

REED&rsquo;S
INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

State
    or other jurisdiction of 
    
I.R.S.
    Employer 

incorporation
    or organization
    
Identification
    Number

    
    
    

13000
    South Spring Street
    
    

Los
    Angeles
 California
    
    

Address
    of principal executive offices
    
Zip
    Code


(310)
217-9400
Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Class
    
Name
    of each exchange where registered

Common
    Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
    
NYSE
    MKT


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ &nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Non-accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Smaller reporting company
[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30
 2015 was $60
152
000.

13
160
860
common shares
 $.001 par value
 were outstanding on December 31
 2015.




    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
    
    
    

Item
    4.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

Item
    6.
    
    
    

Item
    7.
    
    
    

Item
    7A.
    
    
    

Item
    8.
    
    
    

Item
    9.
    
    
    

Item
    9A.
    
    
    

Item
    9B.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

Item
    11.
    
    
    

Item
    12.
    
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

Item
    14.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; or &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are
often
 but not always
 made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;would&rdquo; and &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements
involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document.
All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in
this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements.

The
risk factors referred to in this Annual Report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to update
any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict
which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor
 or
combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our control
involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from
the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors.



    
Our
    ability to generate sufficient cash flow to support capital expansion plans and general operating activities


    
    

    
Decreased
    demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences


    
    

    
Competitive
    products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain its share of sales in the marketplace


    
    

    
The
    introduction of new products


    
    

    
Our
    being subject to a broad range of evolving federal
 state and local laws and regulations including those regarding the labeling
    and safety of food products
 establishing ingredient designations and standards of identity for certain foods
 environmental
    protections
 as well as worker health and safety. Changes in these laws and regulations could have a material effect on the
    way in which we produce and market our products and could result in increased costs


    
    

    
Changes
    in the cost and availability of raw materials and the ability to maintain our supply arrangements and relationships and procure
    timely and/or adequate production of all or any of our products


    
    

    
Our
    ability to penetrate new markets and maintain or expand existing markets


    
    

    
Maintaining
    existing relationships and expanding the distributor network of our products




    
    




    
The
    marketing efforts of distributors of our products
 most of whom also distribute products that are competitive with our products


    
    

    
Decisions
    by distributors
 grocery chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any
    of our products that they are carrying at any time


    
    

    
The
    availability and cost of capital to finance our working capital needs and growth plans


    
    

    
The
    effectiveness of our advertising
 marketing and promotional programs


    
    

    
Changes
    in product category consumption


    
    

    
Economic
    and political changes


    
    

    
Consumer
    acceptance of new products
 including taste test comparisons


    
    

    
Possible
    recalls of our products


    
    

    
Our
    ability to make suitable arrangements for the co-packing of any of our products
 and 

    
    

    
Our
    ability to find alternative copacking and production facilities for our Kombucha and Private Label products if our Los Angeles
    production facility is damaged by a disaster.


Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements.


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business



We
develop
 manufacture
 market and sell natural non-alcoholic carbonated soft drinks
 Kombucha
 candies and ice creams. We currently
manufacture
 license
 market and sell several unique product lines:



    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Ginger Brews


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas


    
    
    

    
    
Culture
    Club Kombucha


    
    
    

    
    
China
    Colas


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Ginger candy and ice creams
 

    
    
    

    
    
Sonoma
    Sparkler and other juice based products.

    
    
    

We
also have a private label business.

We
sell our products throughout the US and in select international markets. We started in specialty gourmet and natural food stores
and have moved more into mainstream over time. We estimate that our products are in approximately 40
000 accounts in the US with
approximately 12
000 of those being mainstream supermarkets. We sell our products through a network of natural
 gourmet and beer
distributors and direct to certain large national retailers.

We
produce and co-pack our beverage products in part at our facility in Los Angeles
 California
 known as the Brewery and at contracted
co-packing facilities in Pennsylvania and Indiana. These co-pack facilities typically service the eastern half of the United States
and nationally for certain products that we do not produce at The Brewery.

Key
elements of our business strategy include:



    
    
increase
    our relationship with and sales to the approximately 15
000 supermarkets that carry our products in natural and mainstream
    and capture more of the 35
000 supermarkets nationwide


    
    
    

    
    
expand
    our distribution network by adding regional direct store delivery (DSD&rsquo;s) and additional direct accounts


    
    
    

    
    
stimulate
    consumer demand and awareness for our existing brands and products through promotions and advertising


    
    
    

    
    
develop
    additional product flavors under our brands (brand extensions) and other new products
 including specialty packaging and alternative
    uses for our products


    
    
    

    
    
develop
    and produce private-label products for select customers


    
    
    

    
    
lower
    our cost of sales for our products by gaining economies of scale in our purchasing
 and

    
    
    

    
    
optimize
    the size and focus of our sales force to manage our relationships with distributors and retail outlets.


We
create consumer demand for our products by:



    
    
supporting
    in-store sampling programs of our products
 and

    
    
    

    
    
generating
    free press through public relations
 and

    
    
    

    
    
advertising
    in store publications
 and

    
    
    

    
    
maintaining
)
 and

    
    
    

    
    
active
    social media campaigns on facebook.com
 twitter.com and youtube.com
 and

    
    
    

    
    
participating
    in large public events as sponsors
 and

    
    
    

    
    
in
    the recent past deployed a national television commercial on cable television networks.


Our
principal executive offices are located at 13000 South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California 90061. Our telephone number is (310)
217-9400. Our Internet address is (www.reedsinc.com). Information contained on our website or that is accessible through our website
should not be considered to be part of this Annual Report.


    
    


Historical
Development

Reed&rsquo;s
Original Ginger Brew was created in 1987 by Christopher J. Reed
 our founder and Chief Executive Officer
 and was introduced to
the market in Southern California stores in 1989. By 1990
 we began marketing our products through United Natural Foods Inc. (UNFI)
and other natural food distributors and moved our production to a larger facility in Boulder
 Colorado.

In
1991
 we incorporated our business operations in the state of Florida under the name of Original Beverage Corporation and moved
all of our production to a co-pack facility in Pennsylvania. Throughout the 1990&rsquo;s
 we continued to develop and launch new
Ginger Brew varieties. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews reached broad placement in natural and gourmet foods stores nationwide through
UNFI and other major specialty
 natural/gourmet and mainstream food and beverage distributors.

In
1997
 we began licensing the products of China Cola and eventually acquired the rights to that product in 2000. In 1999
 we purchased
the Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer brand from the Crowley Beverage Company. In 2000
 we moved into an 18
000 square foot warehouse property
the Brewery
 in Los Angeles
 California
 to house our west coast production and warehouse facility. The Brewery also serves as
our principal executive offices. In 2001
 pursuant to a reincorporation merger
 we changed our state of incorporation to Delaware
and also changed our name to &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rdquo;

On
December 12
 2006
 we completed the sale of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $4.00 per share in our
initial public offering. The public offering resulted in gross proceeds of $8
000
000. Following the public offering
 we expanded
sales and operations dramatically
 initially using a direct store delivery strategy in Southern California
 along with other regional
independent direct store distributors (DSD). The relationships with DSD&rsquo;s were supported by our sales staff. In 2007 we
raised a net of $7
600
000 in a private placement. We re-focused our sales strategy to eliminate company direct store delivery
sales and to expand sales to DSD&rsquo;s and natural food distributors on a national level. We also started selling directly to
supermarket grocery stores
 which has become a significant portion of our business today.

We
continually introduce new products and line extensions
 such as our California Juice Company products in 2009
 Virgil&rsquo;s
diet line of ZERO beverages introduced in 2010 and Dr. Better and Light 55 Calories Extra Ginger Brew in 2011. We commenced offering
private label products in 2010 and in 2012 we launched our Culture Club Kombucha line that has been expanded as sales have grown.
In 2015 we launched Stronger Ginger Brew that contains 50% more fresh ginger than our best selling Reed&rsquo;s Extra Ginger Brew.

Industry
Overview

We
offer natural premium carbonated soft drinks (CSD)
 which are a growing segment of the estimated $10 billion CSD market nationwide.
Within natural food store markets
 we are among the top-selling natural soft drinks. This market is steady and growing. We also
sell in major grocery chains nationally. The trend in grocery stores is to expand offerings of natural products and we have the
scale and capability to develop these direct customer relationships.

Our
Products

We
primarily manufacture and sell beverages and candies or other ginger related products. We make all of our products using premium
all-natural ingredients and our beverage line is GMO free. Our primary brands are our Reed&rsquo;s ginger brew line
 our Virgil&rsquo;s
line of root beer and our Culture Club Kombucha. Our candy products that include Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger Candy and Reed&rsquo;s
Chews represent a lesser portion of revenues. We have sold ginger ice cream in prior years.

Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Brews

Ginger
ale is the oldest known soft drink. Before modern soft drink technology existed
 non-alcoholic beverages were brewed at home directly
from herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits. These handcrafted brews were highly prized for their taste and their tonic
 health-giving
properties. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are a revival of this lost art of home brewing sodas. We make them with care and attention
to wholesomeness and quality
 using the finest fresh herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits.

We
believe that Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are unique in their kettle-brewed origin among all mass-marketed soft drinks. Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Brews contain between 8 and 39 grams of fresh ginger in every 12-ounce bottle. We use pure cane sugar as the sweetener.
Our products differ from commercial soft drinks in three particular characteristics: sweetening
 carbonation and coloring for
greater adult appeal. Instead of using injected-based carbonation
 we produce our carbonation naturally
 through slower
 beer-oriented
techniques. This process produces smaller
 longer lasting bubbles that do not dissipate rapidly when the bottle is opened. We
do not add coloring. The color of our products comes naturally from herbs
 fruits
 spices
 roots and juices and our beverages
are GMO free.


    
    


In
addition
 since Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are pasteurized
 they do not require or contain any preservatives. In contrast
 modern
commercial soft drinks generally are produced using natural and artificial flavor concentrates prepared by flavor laboratories
tap water
 and highly refined sweeteners. Typically
 manufacturers make a centrally processed concentrate that will lend itself
to a wide variety of situations
 waters and filling systems. The final product is generally cold-filled and requires preservatives
for stability. Colors are added that are either natural
 although highly processed
 or artificial.

Our
Reed&rsquo;s line contains the following products:



    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Original Ginger Brew
    root
 lemon
 lime
 honey
 raw cane sugar
 pineapple
 herbs and spices. Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew is 20% fruit juice.

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Premium Ginger Brew
    and contains 17 grams of fresh ginger root.

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Raspberry Ginger Brew
 raspberry juice and lime. Reed&rsquo;s Raspberry Ginger
    Brew is 20% raspberry juice.

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Spiced Apple Brew
 the finest tart German apple juice and such apple pie spices as cinnamon
    cloves and allspice. Reed&rsquo;s Spiced Apple Brew is 50% apple juice.

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Cherry Ginger Brew
 cherry juice from concentrate and spices. 

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Light 55 Calories Extra Ginger Brew
    was made possible by using Stevia. We use the same recipe of 26 grams of fresh ginger root
 honey
 pineapple
 lemon and lime
    juices and exotic spices.




    
    
Reeds

 but has 26 grams of fresh ginger root for a stronger bite.

    
    
    

    
    
Reeds
    Stronger Ginger Brew has 50% more ginger than the Extra Ginger Brew and has the highest ginger content of any of our beverage
    products.




    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Natural Energy Elixir
    and natural boost to energy levels

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Nausea Relief 
    effectiveness in combating nausea.


Virgil&rsquo;s
Root Beer

Virgil&rsquo;s
is a premium craft root beer. We use all-natural ingredients
 including filtered water
 unbleached cane sugar
 anise from Spain
licorice from France
 bourbon vanilla from Madagascar
 cinnamon from Sri Lanka
 clove from Indonesia
 wintergreen from China
sweet birch and molasses from the southern United States
 nutmeg from Indonesia
 pimento berry oil from Jamaica
 balsam oil from
Peru and cassia oil from China. We collect these ingredients worldwide and gather them together at the brewing and bottling facilities.
We combine these ingredients under strict specifications and finally heat-pasteurize Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 to ensure quality.
We sell Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer in three packaging styles: 12-ounce bottles in a four-pack
 a special swing-lid style pint bottle
and a 5-liter self-tapping party keg. The Virgil&rsquo;s soda line is GMO free.

In
addition to our Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 we also offer the following products under our Virgil&rsquo;s brand:



    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    Cream Soda


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    Orange Cream Soda


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    Black Cherry Cream Soda


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    Real Cola


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    Dr. Better


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s
    ZERO line
 including Root Beer
 Cream Soda
 Real Cola
 Dr. Better and Black Cherry Cream Soda. (Our ZERO line is naturally
    sweetened with Stevia)
 and


Reed&rsquo;s
Culture Club Kombucha

We
introduced our Culture Club Kombucha in 2012. Kombucha is a fermented tea that dates its origin back thousands of years. Among
consumers
 Kombucha is believed to have healing and cleansing characteristics. Sweetened tea is introduced to a &ldquo;starter&rdquo;
culture and lightly fermented to produce an acetic drink. We make the finest Kombucha possible
 using a combination of Oolong
and Yerba Mate teas
 spring water and a combination of ginger
 organic juices and flavors Initially
 we produced four flavors
Goji Ginger
 Hibiscus Ginger Grapefruit
 Lemon Ginger Raspberry and Cranberry Ginger. We introduced four additional flavors in
2013
 Pomegranate Ginger
 Coconut Water Lime
 Cabernet Grape
 and Passion Mango Ginger. In 2014
 we added the first Coffee Kombucha.


    
    


Other
Beverage Brands

We
have other popular brands that currently have limited distribution
 including China Cola
 California Juice
 Sonoma Sparkler and
Flying Cauldron Butterscotch Beer. We are continually developing new brands and products.

Private
Label Products

We
design and manufacture drinks for private label customers in multiple facilities. We are experts in flavor development and in
matching existing products in the market. We develop the recipe and may design the label and/or the bottle style. We do not private
label any of our own branded product recipes.

Our
private label products have been primarily sparkling juices
 waters and teas. We develop the sources for glass and ingredients.
We have a variety of packaging options
 including swing-lid bottles
 foil capsules and various label types. Our Los Angeles facility
is certified as SQF level 2 compliant.

New
Product Development

We
are always working on ideas and products to continue expanding our Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews
 Virgil&rsquo;s product line
 Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Candy product lines and packaging styles. Among the advantages of our self-operated Brewery are the flexibility to try
innovative packaging and the capability to experiment with new product flavors at less cost to our operations or capital.

Our
private label products require continual product development. We are able to be nimble and innovative
 producing new products
in a short amount of time.

Manufacture
of Our Products

We
produce our carbonated beverages in multiple facilities:



    
    
a
    facility in Los Angeles
 California
 known as The Brewery
 at which we currently produce Kombucha
 certain soda products and
    our private label products
 and

    
    
    

    
    
two
    packing
 or co-pack facilities in Pennsylvania and an additional co-packer in Indiana which supplies us with product we do
    not produce at The Brewery. The co-packer assembles our products and charges us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products
    they produce.


We
follow a &ldquo;fill as needed&rdquo; manufacturing model to the best of our ability and we have no significant backlog of orders.
Substantially all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or
by our contract packers in accordance with our specifications. Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger is made to our specifications
in Fiji. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Candy Chews are made and packed to our specifications in Indonesia.

Generally
we obtain the ingredients used in our products from domestic suppliers and each ingredient has several reliable suppliers. We
have no major supply contracts with any of our suppliers. As a general policy
 we pick ingredients in the development of our products
that have multiple suppliers and are common ingredients. This provides a level of protection against a major supply constriction
or calamity.

We
believe that as we continue to grow
 we will be able to keep up with increased production demands. The LA Brewery is currently
undergoing a major renovation that we believe will allow the Brewery to handle increased West Coast business. To the extent that
any significant increase in business requires us to supplement or substitute our current co-packers
 we are developing a pre-qualification
for all prospective co-packers
 so that there would not be a significant delay or interruption in fulfilling orders and delivery
of our products. In addition
 we do not believe that growth will result in any significant difficulty or delay in obtaining raw
materials
 ingredients or finished product that is repackaged at the Brewery.


    
    


Our
Primary Markets

We
target a niche in the estimated $100 billion carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the US
 Canada and International
markets. Our brands are generally regarded as premium and natural
 with upscale packaging and are loosely defined as the artisanal
(craft)
 premium bottled carbonated soft drink category.

The
soft drink industry is highly fragmented and the craft soft drink category consists of such competitors as
 Henry Weinhards
 Thomas
Kemper
 Hansen&rsquo;s
 Izze
 Boylan and Jones Soda
 to name a few. These brands have the advantage of being seen widely in the
national market and being commonly known for years through well-funded ad campaigns. Despite our products having a relatively
high price for an artisanal premium beverage product
 minimal mass media advertising and a relatively small but growing presence
in the mainstream market compared to many of our competitors
 we believe that results to date demonstrate that Reed&rsquo;s Ginger
Brews and Virgil&rsquo;s sodas are making strong inroads and market share gains against some of the larger brands in the market.

Kombucha
is the largest growth segment of the functional beverage category of drinks and foods
 including coconut water
 yogurt and fresh
juices. Among this broader category
 the refrigerated juices and functional beverages segment grew by approximately $200 million
in 2012 to an estimated market of approximately $600 million (50% growth)
 according to SPINS data. Kombucha comprises the overwhelming
majority share of this explosive growth and comprises most of the segment. It is generally believed that the segment will continue
to expand at a strong rate over the next few years. Other functional drinks in this category are also expanding sales at healthy
rates
 primarily coconut water and fresh pressed juices. Consumer awareness and demand for functional drinks is increasing and
we feel that Kombucha and other cultured drinks will be in the forefront of this expanding market category.

We
sell the majority of our products in the natural food store
 mainstream supermarket chains and foodservice locations
 primarily
in the United States and
 to a lesser degree
 in Canada and Europe.

Natural
Food Stores

Our
primary and historical marketing and distribution source of our products has been natural food and gourmet stores throughout the
US. These stores include Whole Foods Market
 Trader Joe&rsquo;s
 Sprouts
 The Fresh Market
 Earth Fare
 and New Seasons
 just
to name a few. Our brands are also sold in gourmet restaurants and deli&rsquo;s nationwide. With the advent of large natural food
store chains and specialty merchants
 the natural foods segment continues to grow each year
 helping fuel the continued growth
of our brands.

Mainstream
Supermarkets and Retailers

We
also sell our products to direct store delivery distributors (DSD) who specialize in distributing and selling our products directly
to mainstream retail channels
 natural foods
 and specialty retail stores. Our brands are further sold directly to some retailers
who require that we sell directly to their distribution centers since they have developed their own logistics capabilities. Examples
of chains that fall into the &ldquo;direct&rdquo; category are retailers such as
 Costco
 Trader Joe&rsquo;s
 some Whole Foods
Market Regions and Kroger.

Supermarkets
particularly supermarket chains and prominent local/regional chains
 often impose slotting fees in order to gain shelf presence
within their stores. These fees can be structured to be paid one-time only or in installments. We utilize selective slotting in
supermarket chains throughout the US and to a lesser degree
 in Canada. However
 our local and national sales team has been able
to place our products without having to pay significant slotting fees. Slotting fees for new item placements on average have cost
anywhere between $10 to $150 per store
 per new item.

Food
Service Placement

We
also market our beverages to industrial cafeterias (corporate feeders)
 and to on premise bars and restaurants. As our business
continues to mature
 we intend to place our beverages in stadiums
 sport arenas
 concert halls
 theatres
 and other cultural centers
as long-term marketing and pouring relationships are developed within this business segment.


    
    


International
Sales

We
have developed a limited market for our products in Canada
 Europe and Asia. Sales outside of North America currently represent
less than 1% of our total sales. Sales in Canada represent about 1.3% of our total sales. We believe that there are good opportunities
for expansion of sales in Canada and we are increasing our marketing focus on that market. Other international sales become cost
prohibitive
 except in specialty sales circumstances
 since our premium sodas are packed in glass
 which involves substantial
freight to move overseas. We are open to opportunities to export and to co-pack internationally and expand our brands into foreign
markets
 and we are holding preliminary discussions with trading companies and import/export companies for the distribution of
our products throughout Asia
 Europe and South America. We believe that these areas are a natural fit for Reed&rsquo;s ginger
products
 because of the importance of ginger in international markets
 especially the Asian market where ginger is a significant
part of diet and nutrition.

Distribution
Sales and Marketing

We
currently have a national network of mainstream
 natural and specialty food distributors in the United States and Canada. We sell
directly to our distributors
 who in turn sell to retail stores. We also use our own internal sales force and independent sales
representatives to promote our products for our distributors and direct sales to our retail customers. One of the main goals of
our sales and marketing efforts is to increase sales and grow our brands. Our sales force consists of senior sales representatives
in five geographic regions across the country who are supported in their region by local Reeds sales staff. Generally
 our sales
managers are responsible for all activities related to the sales
 distribution and marketing of our brands to our entire distributor
and retail partner network in North America. We distribute our products primarily through several national natural foods distributors
and an increasing number of regional mainstream DSD distributors. We have entered into agreements with some of our distributors
that commit us to &ldquo;termination fees&rdquo; if we terminate our agreements early or without cause. These agreements call
for our customer to have the right to distribute our products to a defined type of retailer within a defined geographic region.
As is customary in the beverage industry
 if we should terminate the agreement or not automatically renew the agreement
 we would
be obligated to make certain payments to our customers. We are in constant review of our distribution agreement with our partners
across North America. We also offer our products and promotional merchandise directly to consumers via the Internet through our
website
 

Marketing
to Distributors

We
market to distributors using a number of marketing strategies
 including direct solicitation
 telemarketing
 trade advertising
and trade show exhibition. These distributors include natural food
 gourmet food and mainstream distributors. Our distributors
sell our products directly to natural food
 gourmet food and mainstream supermarkets for sale to the public. We maintain direct
contact with our distributor partners through our in-house sales managers. From time to time and in very limited markets
 when
use of our own sales force is not cost effective
 we will utilize independent sales brokers and outside representatives.

Marketing
to Retail Stores

The
primary focus of our sales efforts is supermarket sales. We have a small highly trained sales force that is directly contacting
supermarket chains and setting up promotional calendars. In addition
 we market to retail stores by utilizing trade shows
 trade
advertising
 telemarketing
 direct mail pieces and direct contact with the store. Our sales managers and representatives visit
these retail stores to sell directly in many regions. Sales to retail stores are coordinated through our distribution network
and our regional warehouses.



The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 development of new products
and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of
manufacturers. Most of these brands have enjoyed broad
 well-established national recognition for years
 through well-funded ad
and other branding campaigns. In addition
 the company&rsquo;s manufacturing these products generally have greater financial
marketing and distribution resources than we do. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include taste
and flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid and effective development of new
 unique cutting edge products
 attractive
and different packaging
 branded product advertising and pricing. We also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing
our products over those of our competitors
 provide stable and reliable distribution and secure adequate shelf space in retail
outlets. Competitive pressures in the soft drink category could cause our products to be unable to gain or to lose market share
or we could experience price erosion. We believe that our all natural innovative beverage recipes
 packaging
 use of premium ingredients
and a trade secret brewing process provide us with a competitive advantage and that our commitments to the highest quality standards
and brand innovation are keys to our success.


    
    


The
Kombucha market is dominated by a few producers who sell their products nationally. The remainder of the producers is comprised
of mostly fragmented regional or local companies. There are companies that gain market share in certain regions; however
 most
do not have the scale and capability to effectively sell and distribute on a national basis. We believe that Reed&rsquo;s Kombucha
market share was achieved in a relatively short period of time
 by leveraging our existing distribution channels and customer
relationships to expand our sales volume quickly. We also have in-house production capabilities that can be scaled up as needed
to make this a primary brand for Reed&rsquo;s. We believe that our existing infrastructure creates a competitive advantage
 including
product design
 manufacturing &amp; production and a network of sales &amp; distribution.

Proprietary
Rights

We
own trademarks that we consider material to our business. Three of our material trademarks are registered trademarks in the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office: Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew All-Natural Jamaican Style Ginger Ale &reg;
 Virgil&rsquo;s &reg;
and China Cola &reg;. Registrations for trademarks in the United States will last indefinitely as long as we continue to use and
police the trademarks and renew filings with the applicable governmental offices. We have not been challenged in our right to
use any of our material trademarks in the United States. We intend to obtain international registration of certain trademarks
in foreign jurisdictions.

In
addition
 we consider our finished product and concentrate formulae
 which are not the subject of any patents
 to be trade secrets.
Our brewing process is a trade secret. This process can be used to brew flavors of beverages other than ginger ale and ginger
beer
 such as root beer
 cream soda
 cola and other spice and fruit beverages. We have not sought any patents on our brewing processes
because we would be required to disclose our brewing process in patent applications.

We
generally use non-disclosure agreements with employees and distributors to protect our proprietary rights.

Government
Regulation

The
production
 distribution and sale in the United States of many of our Company&rsquo;s products are subject to the Federal Food
Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 federal
 state and local
workplace health and safety laws
 various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws and various other federal
 state
and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients
of such products. Outside the United States
 the distribution and sale of our many products and related operations are also subject
to numerous similar and other statutes and regulations.

A
California law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having
been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide
warnings on their products. This is because the law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning
is not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed components can expose affected products to the prospect of warning
labels. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a municipal
water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. No Company beverages produced for sale in California are currently
required to display warnings under this law. We are unable to predict whether a component found in a Company product might be
added to the California list in the future
 although the state has initiated a regulatory process in which caffeine will be evaluated
for listing. Furthermore
 we are also unable to predict when or whether the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that
may become applicable under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 might result
in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in a beverage of ours produced for sale in California.


    
    


Bottlers
of our beverage products presently offer and use non-refillable
 recyclable containers in the United States and various other
markets around the world. Some of these bottlers also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements
apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain taxes or fees be charged for
the sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures
vary. Other types of beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 tax and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations also
apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas. We anticipate that additional
 similar legal requirements may
be proposed or enacted in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

All
of our facilities and other operations in the United States are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such
legal requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position.

Environmental
Matters

Our
primary cost environmental compliance activity is in recycling fees and redemption values. We are required to collect redemption
values from our customers and remit those redemption values to the state
 based upon the number of bottles of certain products
sold in that state.



We
full-time employees on our corporate staff
 as follows: 4 in general management
 4 in manufacturing
 research
and development
 17 in sales and marketing support
 and 11 in accounting
 administration and operations. We also have approximately
40 production employees that work both full and part time and work flexible hours based on volume demands. We employ additional
people on a part-time basis as needed. We have never participated in a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that the relationship
with our employees is good.

Item
2. Property

We
lease a facility of approximately 76
000 square feet
 which serves as our principal executive offices
 our West Coast Brewery
and bottling plant and our Southern California warehouse facility. Approximately 30
000 square feet of the total space is leased
under a long-term lease expiring in 2024. We also lease a warehouse of approximately 18
000 square feet under a lease expiring
in 2017
 a warehouse of approximately 13
000 square feet under a lease expiring in 2017
 and a warehouse of 15
000 square feet
on a month-to-month basis.

Item
3.

From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

Item
4.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5.

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE MKT trading under the symbol &ldquo;REED&rdquo;. The following is a summary of
the high and low bid prices of our common stock on the NYSE MKT Capital Markets for the periods presented:



    
    
Sales
    Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year
    Ending December 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

First
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Second
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Third
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Sales
    Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year
    Ending December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

First
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Second
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Third
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


As
of December 31
 2015
 there were approximately 4
481 stockholders of record of the common stock (including only non-objecting
beneficial owners of record) and 13
147
815 outstanding shares of common stock.

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

During
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 we issued the following equity securities that were unregistered under the Securities
Act:



    
    
We
    issued 247 shares of common stock in exchange for Reeds Board of Director services. The value of the stock was based on the
    closing price of the stock on the issuance or agreed upon date. The total value of shares issued for services was $1
350 the
    shares were issued pursuant to exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.


Dividend
Policy

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings
 if any
 for use in our
business
 and
 therefore
 we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Payments of future
dividends
 if any
 will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors
 including the
terms of our credit facility and our financial condition
 operating results
 current and anticipated cash needs and plans for
expansion.

We
are obligated to pay a non-cumulative 5% dividend from lawfully available assets to the holders of our Series A preferred stock
in additional shares of common stock at our discretion. In 2015 and 2014
 we paid dividends on our Series A preferred stock in
an aggregate of 751 and 1
057 shares of common stock in each such year
 respectively and anticipate that we will be obligated
to issue at least this many shares annually to the holders of the Series A preferred stock so long as such shares are issued and
outstanding.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

2007
Stock Option Plan and 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory stock option plan

On
October 8
 2007
 our board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock Option Plan for 1
500
000 shares and the plan was approved by our
stockholders on November 19
 2007. All of the shares granted under our 2007 Stock Option Plan have been issued. Forfeited options
issued under the 2007 plan can be reissued prior to expiration of the plan. On April 6
 2015
 our board of directors adopted the
2015 Incentive and Non-statutory Stock Option Plan for 500
000 shares and the plan was approved by our stockholders on December
30
 2015. Forfeited options issued under the 2015 plan cannot be reissued.


    
    


The
plans permit the grant of options to our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either &ldquo;incentive
stock options&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo;.
The primary difference between &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; and &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo; is that once
an option is exercised
 the stock received under an &ldquo;incentive stock option&rdquo; has the potential of being taxed at the
more favorable long-term capital gains rate
 while stock received by exercising a &ldquo;non-qualified stock option&rdquo; is
taxed according to the ordinary income tax rate schedule.

The
plans are currently administered by the board of directors. The plan administrator has full and final authority to select the
individuals to receive options and to grant such options as well as a wide degree of flexibility in determining the terms and
conditions of options
 including vesting provisions.

The
exercise price of an option granted under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant of the option. The exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a person owning more than 10%
of the total combined voting power of the common stock must be at least 110% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant. Options may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the plan.
Incentive stock options granted to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting power of the common stock cannot be exercisable
for more than five years.

When
an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the underlying stock will be paid in cash
 except that the plan administrator may
permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise
price
 or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator.

If
an optionee ceases to be an employee
 director
 or consultant with us
 other than by reason of death
 disability or retirement
all vested options must be exercised within three months following such event. However
 if an optionee&rsquo;s employment or consulting
relationship with us terminates for cause
 or if a director of ours is removed for cause
 all unexercised options will terminate
immediately. If an optionee ceases to be an employee or director of
 or a consultant to us
 by reason of death
 disability
 or
retirement
 all vested options may be exercised within one year following such event or such shorter period as is otherwise provided
in the related agreement.

For
the 2007 plan
 when a stock award expires or is terminated before it is exercised
 the shares set aside for that award are returned
to the pool of shares available for future awards. For the 2015 plan
 when a stock award expires or is terminated before it is
exercised
 the shares are canceled and cannot be reissued.

No
option can be granted under the plan after ten years following the earlier of the date the plan was adopted by the board of directors
or the date the plan was approved by our stockholders.


    
    


Equity
Compensation Plan Information

The
following table provides information
 as of December 31
 2015
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under
compensation plans:



    

 Warrants and Rights 

 Warrants and Rights 
    

    
    
    
    

    
980
000
    
291
834

    
341
261
    
    

    
1
321
261
    
291
834


Item
6. Selected Financial Data

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 6.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain
forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including but not limited to those set forth under
&ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Results
of Operations

The
following table sets forth key statistics for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



    
    
Year
    Ended
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    sales
 net of discounts &amp; returns (a)
    
    
49
713
000
    
    
    
48
061
000
    
    
    
    
    

Less:
    Promotional and other allowances (b)
    
    
3
765
000
    
    
    
4
639
000
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    sales
    
    
$45
948
000
    
    
    
43
422
000
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of tangible goods sold (c)
    
    
32
295
000
    
    
    
28
141
000
    
    
    
    
    

As
    a percentage of:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    sales
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    sales
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity (d)
    
    
2
048
000
    
    
    
2
275
000
    
    
    
    
    

As
    a percentage of net sales
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    profit
    
    
11
605
000
    
    
    
13
006
000
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    profit margin as a percentage of net sales
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(a)
Gross sales is used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance
 including sales performance
of particular products
 salesperson performance
 product growth or declines and overall Company performance. The use of gross
sales allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items
 which can mask certain performance issues.
We therefore believe that the presentation of gross sales provides a useful measure of our operating performance. Gross sales
is not a measure that is recognized under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles &ldquo;GAAP&rdquo; and should not be considered
as an alternative to net sales
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating
performance in place of net sales. Additionally
 gross sales may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other
companies
 as gross sales has been defined by our internal reporting practices. In addition
 gross sales may not be realized in
the form of cash receipts as promotional payments and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain customers.


    
    


(b)
Although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with GAAP and meet GAAP requirements
 the disclosure
thereof does not conform with GAAP presentation requirements. Additionally
 our definition of promotional and other allowances
may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. Promotional and other allowances primarily include consideration
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors or retail customers including
 but not limited to the following: (i) reimbursements
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers
 including slotting
 shelf
space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (ii) the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of fees given to distributors
and/or directly to retailers for in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iii) the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of slotting
shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers; (iv) incentives given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors and/or
retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; and (v) discounted or free products. The presentation
of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination of net sales and the spending
levels incurred or correlated with such sales. Promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing
activities. The Company&rsquo;s promotional allowance programs with its numerous distributors and/or retailers are executed through
separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. These agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements
described above and are of varying durations
 ranging from one week to one year.

(c)
Cost of tangible goods sold consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing
fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 inventory adjustments
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Cost of tangible
goods sold is used internally by management to measure the direct costs of goods sold
 aside from unallocated plant costs. Cost
of tangible goods sold is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cost of
goods sold
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance
in place of cost of goods sold.

(d)
Cost of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity consists of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to our finished goods
in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Our charges
for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs
incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of
finished goods produced. Cost goods sold &ndash; idle capacity is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be
considered as an alternative to cost of goods sold
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone
as an indicator of operating performance in place of cost of goods sold.


    
    


Year
ended December 31
 2015 Compared to Year ended December 31
 2014

Gross
Sales

Gross
sales for all of Reeds products increased 3% to $49
713
000 for the year ended December 31
 2015 from $48
061
000 in the prior
year.

Our
total gross sales for beverages increased 3.4% led by Reeds branded beverages which increased 19%. All other beverage categories
were flat or down due to the third quarter supply chain interruption. Specifically the Virgil brand decreased 5% and Kombucha
decreased 12%. Private label brands were flat year over year.

The
company continues to be a leader in portfolio offerings and beverage packaging design with multiple container volumes. To reflect
this volume diversity
 Reeds has adopted the industry standard of 8 ounce servings. In the rest of the document whenever case
is referred to it is in eight ounce equivalents. In 2015
 Reeds beverage 8oz. case volume
 consisting of 8-ounce servings per
case
 increased 9.1% to 3.9M cases. Beverage case gross sales dollars decreased 5.2%. to $12.90 per/case.

Gross
sales of items such as candy
 ingredients
 packaging and mail order are not included in the discussion above. These items as a
group totaled $1
739
000 in gross sales
 a decrease of $433
000 or 20% over 2014. The decrease was the direct result of a California
lawsuit that has required the Company to find alternative suppliers. The Company successfully engaged new suppliers in 2016.

Promotional
and other allowances

Promotions
and allowances for beverage products decreased 19% to $3
765
000 (7.6% of gross sales) for the year ended December 31
 2015 from
$4
639
000 (9.7% of gross sales) in the prior year.

The
promotional discounts decreased 20% or $0.25/case to $0.97/case from $1.22/case in 2014. This decrease is primarily attributable
to a decline in the promotional programs and discounts offered in the third quarter and fourth quarters of 2015 as our supply
of products for sale decreased and we experienced a reduction in Kombucha related discounts throughout the year.

Net
Sales

Net
sales of all items increased 5.8% or $2
526
000 to $45
948
000 for the year ended December 31
 2015 from $43
422
000 in the prior
year.

For
beverage products
 net sales by 8oz case equivalents increased in 2015 by 3.9% to $11.93/case from $11.46/case from the prior
year.

Cost
of Goods Sold

Cost
of goods sold consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking
fees
 in-bound freight charges
 inventory adjustments
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Cost of goods sold also consists
of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to our finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
production supplies
 and repairs and maintenance. Our charges for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined
on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed
in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced.

Our
total cost of goods sold increased to $34
343
000 in the year ended December 31
 2015
 an increase of approximately $3
927
000
or 12.9% from 2014. The increase was due to net volume increases of 9.1%
 and increases in cost of production. Specific production
costs were: packaging cost increases of $0.35/cs. and ingredient cost increases of $0.25/cs. These increases were partially offset
by labor productivity decreases of $0.25/cs.

During
the year
 Reeds experienced supply chain interruptions. During 2015
 direct write off of inventories increased $518
000 or $0.13/case
over $53
000 or $0.01/case in 2014. Additionally
 during 2015
 the company adjusted the reserve for obsolescence by $200
000 over
2014 or $0.05/cs.


    
    


Gross
Profit

Our
gross profit of $11
605
000 in the year ended December 31
 2015 represents a decrease of $1
401
000
 or 10.8% from 2014. As a
percentage of sales
 our gross profit decreased to 25.3% in 2015 as compared to 30.0% in 2014. The gross profit percentage decrease
is primarily driven by the direct write off of inventory and the increase in obsolescence reserve of $644
000 that are included
in the cost of production cost above.

Delivery
and Handling Expenses

Delivery
and handling expenses consist of delivery costs to customers and warehouse costs incurred for handling our finished goods
after production. Delivery and handling costs increased to $5
100
000 in the year ended December 31
 2015 compared to
$4
478
000 in 2014. The $622
000 (14%) increase is due to increased distance traveled with lower volumes per delivery due
primarily to supply chain issues in the third quarter. Current rates of 9% are comparable to historic rates. The company
expects costs to decrease further when the L.A. Brewery upgrade is complete.

Selling
and marketing expenses


of direct charges for staff compensation costs
 advertising
 sales promotion
 marketing and trade shows. Selling and marketing
costs for 2015 were $4
867
000 or relatively flat when compared to $4
838
000 in 2014.


 the $29
000 increase
is the result of increases in utilization of sales consultants of $139
000
 stock option expenses of $157
000
 trade show participation
of $109
000 and $87
000 in compensation related expenses. These increases were offset by a decrease in advertising costs of $523
000
which included $431
000 for a national cable television advertising campaign in the summer of 2014 and $289
000 attributed to
decreases in promotions of bonuses of $77
000
 promotional expenses of $86
000
 public relations of $68
000 and broker&rsquo;s
commissions of $58
000.

Our
sales staff decreased to 17 members at December 31
 2015
 from 19 at December 31
 2014.

General
and Administrative Expenses


executive
 administrative
 and finance personnel costs as well as professional fees. General and administrative expenses increased
$954
000 to $4
368
000 in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014 expenses of $3
414
000.

This
increase is due to an increase in wage related expenses of $362
000
 stock compensation of $245
000
 bad debt expense of $156
000
and legal settlement costs of $108
000. These increases were offset in part by decreases in professional fees and consultants&rsquo;
of $128
000.

Our
G &amp; A staff increased to 16 members at December 31
 2015
 from 12 at December 31
 2014 as two positions were reclassified
from production and sales support to G &amp; A staff and an additional two new positions were added.

Income
(Loss) from Operations


730
000
in the year ended December 31
 2015
 as compared to income from operations of $276
000 in 2014. The increase in
the operating loss is due to the supply chain production interruption
 the resulting loss of sales and the attendant costs directly
resulting from the production interruption of inventory waste and delivery expenses.

Interest
Expense


231
000 in
the year ended December 31
 2015
 compared to interest expense of $1
028
000 in the same period of 2014. During 2015 the
company incurred liquidity shortages that required a renegotiation with our bank PMC. A new loan was obtained for $1
500
000 that
also changed the terms of the existing line of credit and term loan. Later both term loan expiration dates were extended to April
1
 2017 that did not involve any further changes in the terms of all loans. As a direct consequence of the term change and the
additional borrowing
 the company&rsquo;s net interest charge increased.


    
    


Modified
EBITDA

The
Company defines modified EBITDA (a non-GAAP measurement) as net income (loss) before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
and non-cash share-based compensation expense. Other companies may calculate modified EBITDA differently. Management believes
that the presentation of modified EBITDA provides a measure of performance that approximates cash flow before interest expense
and is meaningful to investors.

MODIFIED
EBITDA SCHEDULE



    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
(3
961
000)
    
    
    
(754
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Modified
    EBITDA adjustments:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
933
000
    
    
    
755
000
    

Interest
    expense
    
    
1
231
000
    
    
    
1
028
000
    

Stock
    option and warrant compensation
    
    
877
000
    
    
    
396
000
    

Stock
    compensation for services
    
    
1
000
    
    
    
13
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
000
    

Total
    EBITDA adjustments
    
    
3
042
000
    
    
    
2
194
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Modified
    EBITDA income from operations
    
    
(919
000)
    
    
    
1
440
000
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2015
 we had stockholders equity of $785
000 and working capital of $730
000
 compared to stockholders equity
of $3
652
000 and working capital of $2
207
000 at December 31
 2014. The decrease in our working capital of $1
477
000
was primarily a result of cash flow from operations.

Our
increase in cash and cash equivalents to $1
816
000 at December 31
 2015 compared to $959
000 at December 31
 2014
 an increase
of $857
000 was primarily a result of cash generated by financing activities of $2
737
000 less cash used for costs of plant improvements
of $532
000 and use of cash for operations of $1
348
000.

On
September 1
 2015 Reed&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) entered into an additional Term Loan (Term Loan B) with a principal
balance of $1
500
000 at prime plus 11.60% (currently 14.85%) with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC.

Concurrently
the conditions for a rate change involving Term Loan A of $1
500
000 from December 5
 2014 have been modified. The payment terms
have not been modified. Under the new conditions
 the rate charge will be calculated on a sliding scale based on the trailing
6 month EBITDA. If the EBITDA measuring point stays below $1
000
000 where it was at the time of financing
 the rate would rise
to 12% from the current rate of 9%. If EBITDA rises to $1
500
000 then the rate will remain at 9%.

Notwithstanding
the other borrowing terms above
 if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving working capital loan remains
more than $1
500
000 at all times during the preceding month (currently Reed&rsquo;s Borrowing Availability is zero) the Interest
Rate shall remain unchanged for the asset based lending that includes the Revolving working capital loan
 CAPEX capital improvement
loan and Term Loan A. The six month Term Loan B rates are to remain the same at 14.85%.

In
order to accumulate cash for the LA plant upgrade
 on November 9
 2015
 the company granted PMC 125
000 warrants to extend the
expiration dates of both Term Loans to April 1
 2017. The warrant value of $141
000 was calculated using the Black-Scholes method
using the following values: stock price $4.99
 exercise price $4.50
 volatility rate of 56% and a term 5.5 years.


    
    


For
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded a net loss of $3
961
000 and utilized cash in operations of $1
348
000.
During 2015
 the company experienced a major disruption in our east coast production facilities. By October of 2015
 the Company
had qualified another two co-packers for a total of three co-packers enabling the Company to avoid supply chain interruptions
in 2016. We believe that if this disruption had not occurred
 the Company would have been able to fill purchase orders and avoid
the additional costs related to delivery and raw materials.

We
estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.
The Company&rsquo;s secured working capital facility will expire in December 2016
 which we believe will be renewed or can be
replaced. The Company has no other debt that becomes due until the second quarter of 2017. The Company believes it can successfully
restructure its debt before that time
 if necessary.


necessary working capital to support existing operations for at least the next 12 months. Our primary capital source will be positive
cash flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe that the Company can reduce its operating
costs and can be managed to maintain positive cash flow from operations. Historically
 we have financed our operations primarily
through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 convertible debt
 a line of credit from a financial institution and cash
generated from operations.


product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point
in the future
 we eventually may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct
them or to fund our expansion and marketing and product development plans. In addition
 our losses may increase in the future as
we expand our manufacturing capabilities and fund our marketing plans and product development. These losses
 among other things
have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital
 total assets and stockholders&rsquo; equity. If we
are unable to achieve profitability
 the market value of our common stock would decline and there would be a material adverse effect
on our financial condition.


our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business operations as rapidly as we would deem necessary
at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing
on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms
 we may not be able
to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce our level of operations
 including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
personnel and other operating expenses. These events could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition.
If adequate funds are not available or if they are not available on acceptable terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
take advantage of opportunities
 develop products or services or otherwise respond to competitive pressures could be significantly
limited.




with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 or GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our financial statements including various allowances and reserves for accounts
receivable and inventories
 the estimated lives of long-lived assets and trademarks and trademark licenses
 as well as claims and
contingencies arising out of litigation or other transactions that occur in the normal course of business. The following summarize
our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:

. Revenue is recognized
on the sale of a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
which generally occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance
procedures performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of
returned items. Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales. The Company reimburses its wholesalers
and retailers for promotional discounts
 samples and certain advertising and promotional activities used in the promotion of the
Company&rsquo;s products. The accounting treatment for the reimbursements for samples and discounts to wholesalers results in a
reduction in the net revenue line item. Reimbursements to wholesalers and retailers for certain advertising activities are included
in selling and marketing expenses.

. Management assesses
the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not
be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment
loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
did not recognize any impairments for its property and equipment.


    
    
    

brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these brand names will contribute
cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are assessed for impairment
annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset
is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with
its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted
cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible assets.


related to impairment of our long lived assets
 including our trademark license and trademarks
 is a &ldquo;critical accounting
estimate&rdquo; because: (1) it is highly susceptible to change from period to period because it requires management to estimate
fair value
 which is based on assumptions about cash flows and discount rates; and (2) the impact that recognizing an impairment
would have on the assets reported on our balance sheet
 as well as net income
 could be material. Management&rsquo;s assumptions
about cash flows and discount rates require significant judgment because actual revenues and expenses have fluctuated in the past
and we expect they will continue to do so.


we use internal budgets. Internal budgets are developed based on recent revenue data for existing product lines and planned timing
of future introductions of new products and their impact on our future cash flows.

. We evaluate the
collectability of our trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific
customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to us
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount our management believes will ultimately be collected. In addition
to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on our historical losses and an
overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

. Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly
review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated
forecast of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products
can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders
placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result
in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.

The Company
periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services
and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the
authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on
the date of grant and recognized as compensation on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock
option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas
the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance
commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options
granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective
period. As the options vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the
value already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance
requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded
in the period of the measurement date.


option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related
to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends. Compensation
expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model
 and based on actual experience. The
assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future
periods.


    
    
    

during the year ended December 31
 2015
 to the items disclosed as critical accounting policies and estimates in Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31
 2014.




a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk


 Reed&rsquo;s
is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A.



    
    


Financial
Statements



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Notes to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    



    
    
    
Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm



 Inc.


of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred
to above present fairly in all material respects
 the financial position of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.



/s/ Weinberg &amp; Company
 P.A.
    

    
    

Los Angeles
 California
    

March 23
 2016
    



    
    
    
REED&rsquo;S
INC.




    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

816

    
    
    


    


 net of reserves of $290
000 and $90
000

    
    

927

    
    
    

306

    


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $356
000 and $253
000

    
    

894

    
    
    

500

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

287

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

453

    
    
    

499

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net of accumulated depreciation of $4
216
000 and $3
405
000

    
    

369

    
    
    

572

    

    
    
    

029

    
    
    

029

    

    
    
    

851

    
    
    

100

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

458

    
    
    

894

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

443

    
    
    

009

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

723

    
    
    

292

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 less current portion
 net of discount of $935
000 and $1
031
000

    
    

443

    
    
    

508

    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

542

    
    
    


    


 less current portion
 net of discount of $132
000 and $0

    
    

868

    
    
    

500

    

    
    
    

066

    
    
    

448

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 and 9
411 shares issued and outstanding

    
    


    
    
    


    


 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 13
160
860 and 13
068
058 shares issued and outstanding

    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

399

    
    
    

300

    

    
    
    

709

    
    
    

743

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

652

    

    
    
    

851

    
    
    

100

    



are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    
    
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

For the Years Ended
December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

948

    
    
    

422

    

    
    
    

343

    
    
    

416

    

    
    
    

605

    
    
    

006

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

100

    
    
    

478

    

    
    
    

867

    
    
    

838

    

    
    
    

368

    
    
    

414

    

    
    
    

335

    
    
    

730

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

730

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

231

    
    
    

028

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

961

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

961

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

966

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

147

    
    
    

043

    



of these financial statements


    
    
    
REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1

    
    

922

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

276

    
    
    

984

    
    
    

387

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
 December 31

    
    

068

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

300

    
    
    

743

    
    
    

652

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

961

    
    
    

961

    


 December 31

    
    

160

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

399

    
    
    

709

    
    
    


    



of these financial statements


    
    
    
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

For the Years Ended December 31
 2015 and
2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

961

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

621

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

240

    
    
    

031

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

564

    
    
    

282

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

348

    
    
    

016

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

500

    
    
    

003

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

434

    
    
    

515

    

    
    
    

737

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

104

    

    
    
    

816

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

187

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



of these financial statements


    
    
    

REED&rsquo;S
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31
 2015 AND 2014



    
    




    
    
    



 Inc.
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed
its name from Original Beverage Corporation to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware.
The Company is engaged primarily in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as
well as candies and ice creams. We currently manufacture
 market and sell seven unique product lines:



    
    
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas


    
    
    

    
    
Culture Club Kombucha


    
    
    

    
    
China Colas


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger candy and ice creams
 

    
    
    

    
    
    



its products primarily in natural food stores
 supermarket chains
 and upscale gourmet stores in the United States and Canada.



    
    
    



financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such assumption
contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year ended December
31
 2015
 the Company recorded a net loss of $3
961
000 and utilized cash in operations of $1
348
000. During 2015
 the company
experienced a major disruption in our east coast production facilities. By October of 2015
 the Company had qualified another
two co-packers for a total of three co-packers enabling the Company to avoid supply chain interruptions in 2016. We believe that
if this disruption had not occurred
 the Company would have been able to fill purchase orders and avoid the additional costs related
to delivery and raw materials.


Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months. The Company&rsquo;s
secured working capital facility will expire in December 2016
 which we believe will be renewed or can be replaced. The Company
has no other debt that becomes due until the second quarter of 2017. The Company believes it can successfully restructure its debt
before that time
 if necessary.


 we
have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 a line of credit from a financial
institution and cash generated from operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations.
If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive
cash flow from operations. However
 we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable
operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we may have insufficient working capital
to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing
 and product development
plans.. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all.



    
    




    
    




    
    
    



conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives
of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions
made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    
    



its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&rsquo;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the
allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $356
000 and $253
000
 respectively.



    
    
    




cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review
our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast
of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products can
fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of
reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which
could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.



    
    
Property
                                         and Equipment and Related Depreciation




for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production capacity are
capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using
accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If there is
indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and
its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize
any impairment for its property and equipment.



    
    




    
    
    



indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these brand
names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but
are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate.
As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the
indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our
indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset
exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to
that excess. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its
indefinite-lived intangible assets.



    
    
    



with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2015. The Company may be
exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
 the Company&rsquo;s
policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances in excess of the guarantee
during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


 2015
 the
Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 14% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended December
31
 2014
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 33% and 14% of its sales
 respectively. No other customer
accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2015 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers
who comprised $782
000 (24%) and $373
000 (12%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2014 the Company had accounts
receivable due from two customers who comprised $630
000 (25%) and $255
000 (10%)
 respectively
 of its total accounts receivable.


 the
Company relied on a single east coast co-pack contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage products.
By year end
 the Company had multiple co- packers available for their production needs. Although there are other packers and the
Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
 which
could ultimately affect operating results.


 2015 and
2014
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 25% and 27%
 respectively of purchases. At December 31
 2015
and 2014
 the Company had accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 14% and 32% of its total accounts payable
 respectively.
No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014.



    
    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


 other than the quoted
prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


inputs based on the Company&rsquo;s assumptions.


liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable and
other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital
lease obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on
these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates.



    
    




    
    
    



of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess of charges
allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 direct
inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods
are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations
are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related to the production
of our products are classified as operating expenses.



    
    
    



purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with product
distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    
    



for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon
the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided
for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility
is uncertain. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax
expense.



    
    
    



when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally occurs
when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures performed.
The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items. Amounts
paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December 31
2015 and 2014 were approximately $3
765
000 and $4
199
000
 respectively.



    
    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2015 and 2014
the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive
effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
301
963
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
705
333
    

    
    
    
1
358
905
    
    
    
1
044
940
    



    
    




    
    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $105
000 and $649
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.
The company spent $431
000 in 2014 for national cable television advertising.



    
    
    



and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company
accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation
expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and
vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the
date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued
each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they
are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then
current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement
date.


option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions related
to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends. Compensation
expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 and based on actual experience.
The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in
future periods.



    
O)
    
    



of operations for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company previously included $235
000 of banking fees as general and administrative
expenses. In presenting the Company&rsquo;s statement of operations for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
has reclassified these expenses to interest expense.



    
    
    



 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 will
eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle
based approach for determining revenue recognition. On August 12
 2015
 FASB delayed the required implementation to fiscal years
ending after December 15
 2017 but now permitted organizations such a Reeds to adopt earlier. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies
recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require
additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.
Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.
Management has determined to adopt ASU 2014-09 in Fiscal 2017 and has not determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing
financial reporting.



    
    



 the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2014-12
. The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting for
share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 will
not have a significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is in the process
of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15)
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-10). ASU 2014-15
provides guidance as to management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In connection with preparing financial statements
for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&rsquo;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Management&rsquo;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that
are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern exists
when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to
meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to
be issued). ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will adopt ASU 2014-15 on the Company&rsquo;s financial statement presentation
and disclosures beginning in 2016.


pronouncements issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.



    
    



first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
4
364
000
    
    
    
3
395
000
    

    
    
    
3
563
000
    
    
    
2
911
000
    

    
    
    
7
927
000
    
    
    
6
306
000
    




    
    




 the Company prepaid for
glass raw materials for $1
287
000 that was used in 2015 resulting in a balance of $47
000 for prepaid inventory
of as of December 31
 2015. The Company also increased its reserve for obsolescence for the year ended December 31
 2015 by
$200
000 to $290
000 from $90
000
 respectively.



    
    



following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
1
107
000
    
    
    
1
108
000
    

    
    
    
1
875
000
    
    
    
1
868
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
338
000
    

    
    
    
3
800
000
    
    
    
3
312
000
    

    
    
    
857
000
    
    
    
903
000
    

    
    
    
469
000
    
    
    
448
000
    

    
    
    
977
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
585
000
    
    
    
7
977
000
    

    
    
    
(4
216
000
    
    
    
(3
405
000
    

    
    
    
5
369
000
    
    
    
4
572
000
    



31
 2015 and 2014 was $828
000 and $609
000
 respectively.


under capital leases was $461
000 and $326
000 as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. (See note 8).



    
    





trademarks for natural beverage as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
224
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
1
029
000
    



 China Cola
 and Sonoma Sparkler
brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually. For the years ended
December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible assets.



    
    





2011
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (PMC)
 which was amended and
extended for two years on December 5
 2014
 that provides a $6
000
000 revolving line of credit. The Amended Agreement
extends and amends the Revolving Loan and Term Loan (see discussion below) and adds a new Capital Expansion Loan (the &ldquo;Capex
Loan&rdquo;) (see discussion below). At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit
was $4
443
000 and $3
009
000 respectively.



    
    



of accounts receivable and 60% of eligible inventory and is secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets. The interest
rate on the Revolving Loan was the prime rate plus .35% (9% at December 31
 2015). However
 the interest rate has been adjusted
as described below in term loans. The monthly management fee is .45% of the average monthly loan balance. As of December 31
 2015
the Company had borrowing availability of $216
000 under the line of credit agreement.


 2016
and is subject to a 1% prepayment penalty for prepayment prior to the first anniversary of the effective date.




with PMC Financial Services Corporation;



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
000
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    

    
    
    
(132
000)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
868
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    



Agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan was $750
000
 and was secured by all of the unencumbered
assets of the Company. Effective December 5
 2014 the Term Loan&rsquo;s outstanding principal balance was increased to
$1
500
000 and the annual interest rate was revised to prime plus 5.75% (currently 9%) subject to adjustment as described
below.


 2015 the Company entered
into an additional Term Loan with a principal balance of $1
500
000 at prime plus 11.60% (currently 14.85%) with PMC. As of
December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the amount outstanding was $3
000
000 and $1
500
000 respectively.


Term loans described above were modified on September 1
 2015 and are subject to adjustment as follows:


 the rate charge will
be calculated on a sliding scale based on the trailing 6 month EBITDA. If the EBITDA measuring point stays below $1
000
000 where
it is now
 the rate will rise to 12% from the current rate of 9%. If EBITDA rises to $1
500
000 then the rate will be reduced to
9%.


if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving line of credit remains more than $1
500
000 at all times during
the preceding month (currently Reed&rsquo;s Borrowing Availability is zero) the Interest Rate shall remain unchanged for the asset
based lending that includes the Revolving working capital loan
 CAPEX capital improvement loan and Term Loan A. The six month Term
Loan B rates will remain the same at 14.85%.



 2015
 the Company completed
a restructuring of Term Loans with PMC. The aggregated amount of the principal for affected term loans is $3
000
000. Under the
new agreement
 the maturity of both loans will be due in lump sum on April 1
 2017 under the same rates and conditions as before.
In connection with the agreement
 the Company granted PMC 125
000 warrants at an exercise price of $4.50 per share for five years
and six months. The 125
000 warrants were valued at $141
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and were recorded
as a valuation discount. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 125
000 warrants; term of 5.5 years
 volatility
of 56.04%
 expected dividends 0% and discount rate of 0.68%. The warrants value of $141
000 will be amortized over the remaining
16 months of the term loans.



    
    


Capital Expansion (&ldquo;CAPEX&rdquo;)
Loan


with PMC
 the Company entered into a CAPEX loan in the aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $3
000
000. The CAPEX loan will
finance new asset purchases for modernization and improvement of the beverage bottling equipment in the Los Angeles plant. Interest
only on the CAPEX loan shall be paid from time to time until the end of each fiscal quarter
 at which time the principal amounts
of each outstanding CAPEX loan will be aggregated and repaid in 48 equal monthly installments of principal plus accrued but unpaid
interest beginning July 31
 2016
 or if earlier
 the revolver maturity of December 2016. The interest rate on the CAPEX loan is
the prime rate plus 5.75% (9% at December 31
 2015). At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance on the CAPEX loan balance was $1
883
000
and $672
000 respectively and as of December 31
 2015
 the Company had future borrowing availability of $1
458
000.


has placed equipment with a cost of $341
000 at a co-packing facility to enable the co-packer to manufacture our products.
Should the Company be unable to secure access to the equipment in the event of failure of the co-packer
 the amount will become
due and payable by the Company immediately.



    
    



of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
538
000
    
    
    
2
673
000
    

    
    
    
(935
000)
    
    
    
(1
031
000
    

    
    
    
1
603
000
    
    
    
1
642
000
    

    
    
    
(160
000)
    
    
    
(134
000
    

    
    
    
1
443
000
    
    
    
1
508
000
    



 2009
 the Company closed escrow
on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement for the same
property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery equipment
from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an agreed upon
amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing involvement
that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing. The
proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000. Monthly
payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at an implicit
rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation was personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000 by the principal shareholder and Chief
Executive Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.


the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $1.20 per share for five years. The 400
000
warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model. The following
assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to $2.25; term of 5 years; volatility of 91.36%
to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000 warrants were recorded as valuation discount
and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization of valuation discount was $50
000 during both
of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


1
 2014
 the Company executed Amendment #1 to the Long-term Financing Obligation. In exchange for a release from the $150
000
personal guarantee by the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Office
 and a release of the brewery equipment which was collateral
for the lease agreement
 the Company issued 200
000 warrants to purchase its common stock for $5.60 per share for five years.
The 200
000 warrants were valued at $584
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and were recorded as a valuation
discount. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 200
000 warrants; term of 5 years
 volatility of 59.53%
 expected
dividends 0% and discount rate of 1.25%. The warrants value of $584
000 is being amortized over the remaining term of the purchase
option.



    
    



obligation at December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $2
538
000 and $2
673
000
 respectively. Aggregate future obligations under the financing
obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
160
000
    

    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
259
000
    

    
    
    
299
000
    

    
    
    
1
408
000
    

    
    
    
2
538
000
    




    
    



operations with an aggregate value of $903
000 under 10 non-cancelable capital leases. In addition
 the company leases vehicles
and office equipment with rates and monthly payments range from $189 to $10
441 per month
 including interest
 at interest rates
ranging from 3.50% to 17.31% per annum. The principal balance due under these leases was $643
000 and $601
000 at December 31
2015 and 2014
 respectively. At December 31
 2015
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated $19
000. The leases expire at
various dates through 2019.


leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
209
000
    

    
    
    
193
000
    

    
    
    
193
000
    

    
    
    
154
000
    

    
    
    
26
000
    

    
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(132
000
    

    
    
    
643
000
    

    
    
    
(153
000
    

    
    
    
490
000
    





    
    







000
shares $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 there were 9
411
shares outstanding
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share. Each share of Series A Preferred stock can be converted
into four shares of Reed&rsquo;s common stock.



    
    



annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board of directors
in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities
ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to
which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends
on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2015 the Company


 which the
board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 751 shares of its common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2014
the Company paid a $5
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders through the issuance of 1
057 shares of its common stock.


dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders
of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders
of any of our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall
be distributed pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem
all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
which was $10.00
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.


at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four shares of common
stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification
and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock a sufficient number
of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During 2015
 no shares of Series
A preferred stock were converted into common stock.


 the holders of our
Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.
However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining the approval
of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a preference
over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other security convertible
into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.




19
500
000 shares authorized
 13
160
860 &nbsp;shares outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 13
068
058 shares outstanding as
of December 31
 2014.


 2015
 the
Company issued 247 shares of common stock for services at $5.46 per share with a value of $1
350. During the year ended December
31
 2014
 the Company issued 2
807 shares of common stock for services at $4.63 per share with a value of $13
000.



    
    




    
    
    



 the Company adopted the Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan and in 2015 the Company adopted the Reed&rsquo;s Inc. 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory Stock Option
Plan (the &ldquo;Plans&rdquo;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Board of Directors. Individuals
eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options
shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date or 110% of the
fair market value per share on the grant date for Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The total number of options authorized
is 1
500
000 and 500
000
 respectively for the Plans.



    
    



 2015 and
2014
 the Company granted 548
000 and 477
500 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a weighted
exercise price of $5.63 and $4.73
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The fair value of the options granted during the
years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $1
398
000 and $577
000
 respectively.


of options granted during 2015 and 2014 was $2.54 and $2.03
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For
purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free rate
for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $877
000 and $396
000
 respectively
 and has been reflected
as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2015
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $1
200
000 which will be amortized as
compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 to 4 years.


 2015
 the Company repriced
608
000 employee options to an exercise price of $5.01 per share
 which were previously $5.10-$6.46 per share. The total increase
in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was approximately $11
000.


833 stock
options exercised on a cashless basis in the year ended December 31
 2015 at exercise prices between $1.14 and $4.60 per share
issuing 57
112 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31
 2015.


 2014 there
were 348
332 options exercised at an average price of $1.14. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 however
 the Company did receive
proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000.



    
    



of December 31
 2015 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

Outstanding at January 1
 2014
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
477
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(216
134
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(195
367
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
705
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(135
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(137
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
843
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2015
    
    
318
917
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
525
000
    



 2015
 the aggregate
intrinsic values of $843
000 and $525
000 were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of
the Company&rsquo;s stock
 which was $5.38 as of December 31
 2015.


nonvested shares granted under the Company&rsquo;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2015 and changes during the year then ended
is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    



options outstanding as of December 31
 2015 is as follows:



    
    


    
    
 December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    



 2015
 the
Company executed an Amendment to both Long-term Financing Obligations (see Note 6). In exchange for an extension of the maturity
dates of both loans to April 1
 2017 125
000 warrants were issued to the lender. The 125
000 warrants were valued at $141
000 using
the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 125
000 warrants; term of 5.5
years
 volatility of 56.04%
 expected dividends 0% and discount rate of 0.69%. The warrants will be amortized over 17 months.


2015 there were 34
691 warrants exercised at prices between $2.10 and $2.25 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $75
000
and 34
692 shares of common stock issued.


    
    
    

activity for the two years ended December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



 2015
 the aggregate
intrinsic value of $152
000 and $42
000 which was calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price
of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 which was $5.38 as of December 31
 2015.


outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



 2015 and 2014
 the
Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts available
were approximately $18.6 million and $17.8 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $13.3 million and $13.3 million for
state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires in 2018. Given the Company&rsquo;s
history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to
realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit.


 2007
 the Company
adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return
should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position
only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This
guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim
periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not
have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and no adjustment was required at adoption.


record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally
 tax years 2008 through 2015 remain open
to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.


    
    
    

by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the carryforwards
and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.


deferred income tax assets are as follows as of:



    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

034

    
    
    

600

    

    
    
    

034

    
    
    

600

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



income tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    





under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense under these and other operating leases for the years ended December 31
 2015
and 2014 was $209
000 and $203
000
 respectively.


as of December 31
 2015 are as follows:





    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    





with customers with clauses that commit the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the agreement early or without cause.
The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&rsquo;s products to a defined type of retailer
within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically renew the agreements without
cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew
any agreement with any of their customers; therefore
 no such fees have been accrued in the accompanying financial statements.



    
    



 we are a party
to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims
and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss
is estimable and the loss is probable.


litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
liquidity
 or results of operations.



    
    



2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between the
Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement was
terminated on January 1
 2015. The agreement required the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company paid commissions of $1
000.



    
    


Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure





Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting




 including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined
under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2015.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 


internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2015 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


    
    
    

 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015. In making this assessment
 we used the criteria set forth by the Committee
. Based on
our assessment we concluded that
 as of December 31
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective.


report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
 pursuant to provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 and is not incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.






    
    
    


Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers

Promoters
 Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act




will end at the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualify
 subject to their death
resignation or removal. In the case of Director Muffoletto who was not re-elected to the board by the shareholders at the last
shareholder meeting on December 30
 2015
 Director Muffoletto will serve until the Board has elected another Director to replace
him at its earliest opportunity. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Our board members are encouraged to
attend meetings of the board of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders. The board of directors held twelve meetings in
2015. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current directors and executive officers:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




 founded our
company in 1987. Mr. Reed has served as our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer since our incorporation in 1991. Mr.
Reed also served as Chief Financial Officer during fiscal year 2007 until October 1
 2007 and again from April 17
 2008 to January
19
 2010. Mr. Reed has been responsible for our design and products
 including the original product recipes
 the proprietary brewing
process and the packaging and marketing strategies. Mr. Reed received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering in 1980 from Rennselaer Polytechnic
Institute in Troy
 New York.

Mark Beaton
 Chief Operating
Officer Mr. Beaton joined Reed&rsquo;s Inc. in March of 2015 and brings over 17 years of experience directing high-volume
 multi-site
operations for major Fortune 500 CPG companies including Dr. Pepper/Snapple Group
 Pepsi Bottling Group and United Parcel Service.
Prior to joining Reed&rsquo;s
 Mr. Beaton was Vice President of Operations at the Dr. Pepper/Snapple Group where he drove operational
efficiencies and was responsible for leading and directing functions that focused on warehouse and distribution operations
 inventory
management
 environmental health and safety and a corporate real estate portfolio. While at Dr. Pepper
 Mr. Beaton was responsible
for leadership across the packaged beverage network of 160 distribution facilities that delivered 290 million cases and more than
$5 billion of annual sales. Additional positions throughout Mr. Beaton&rsquo;s career include the Director of Supply Chain Technology
and Warehousing at Cadbury Schweppes Bottling Group where he was responsible for developing and managing strategies for delivering
productivity and process improvement across 166 distribution centers in North America. Mr. Beaton also served in Production
 Maintenance
and Product Availability Manager Roles with the Pepsi Bottling Group. Mr. Beaton began his career as a Hub Operations Supervisor
at UPS and is a Certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt who also served in the United States Army.

Dan Miles
 Chief Financial Officer
Dan Miles is a licensed CPA in the State of California who started with Ernst &amp; Young and progressed through financial managerial
roles within the beverage industry and other local business enterprises. Dan managed the financial sector for Coors&rsquo; largest
distributor that grew 250% in 8 years via acquisitions of companies
 brands and organic growth. Dan worked at the Pepsi Bottling
Group in corporate finance and field operations in various capacities. Recently Dan held the position of interim Chief Financial
Officer for the Port of Long Beach and the Central Basin Municipal Water District where he led the production of both the annual
budget and the reporting of the results of those enterprises. Dan earned his Bachelor of Science degrees at the University of San
Francisco in Biology
 California State University Long Beach in Accounting and a Master&rsquo;s Degree from University of Southern
California in taxation.

Neal Cohane
 Senior Vice President
of Sales and Marketing has served as Reed&rsquo;s Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing since March of 2008 and previously
Vice President of Sales since August 2007. From March 2001 until August 2007
 Mr. Cohane served in various senior-level sales and
executive positions for PepsiCo
 most recently as Senior National Accounts Manager
 Eastern Division. In this capacity
 Mr. Cohane
was responsible for all business development and sales activities within the Eastern Division. From March 2001 until November 2002
Mr. Cohane served as Business Development Manager
 Non-Carbonated Division within PepsiCo where he was responsible for leading
the non-carbonated category build-out across the Northeast Territory. From 1998 to March 2001
 Mr. Cohane spent three years at
South Beach Beverage Company
 most recently as Vice President of Sales
 Eastern Region. From 1986 to 1998
 Mr. Cohane spent approximately
twelve years at Coca-Cola of New York where he held various senior-level sales and managerial positions
 most recently as General
Manager New York. Mr. Cohane holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Merrimack College in North Andover
 Massachusetts.


    
    
    
 has been with
us since 1992 and
 as we have grown
 has run the accounting
 purchasing and shipping and receiving departments at various times
since the 1990s. Ms. Reed has been one of our directors since June 2004
 and our Secretary since October 1996. In the 1980s
 Ms.
Reed managed media tracking for a Los Angeles Infomercial Media Buying Group and was an account manager with a Beverly Hills
 California
stock portfolio management company. She earned a Business Degree from MIU in 1981. Ms. Reed is the wife of Christopher J. Reed
our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer.

 has been a member
of our board of directors since April 2005. Mr. Harris is an independent venture capitalist and has been retired from the work
force since 2002. In late 2003
 Mr. Harris joined a group of Amgen colleagues in funding NeoStem
 Inc.
 a company involved in stem-cell
storage
 archiving
 and research to which he is a founding investor. From 1991 to 2002
 Mr. Harris worked at Amgen
 Inc. (Nasdaq:
AMGN)
 a preeminent biotech company
 managing much of Amgen&rsquo;s media production for internal use and public relations. Mr.
Harris spent the decade prior working in the aerospace industry at Northrop with similar responsibilities.

Daniel S.J. Muffoletto
 N.D.
has been a member of our board of directors from April 2005 to December 2006 and from January 2007 to the present. Dr. Muffoletto
was not re-elected and has agreed to continue to serve the Board until a successor has been elected in his place. Dr. Muffoletto
has practiced as a Naturopathic Physician since 1986. He has served as chief executive officer of Its Your Earth
 a natural products
marketing company since June 2004. From 2003 to 2005
 Dr. Muffoletto worked as Sales and Marketing Director for Worthington
 Moore
&amp; Jacobs
 a Commercial Law League member firm serving FedEx
 UPS
 DHL and Kodak
 among others. From 2001 to 2003
 he was the
owner-operator of the David St. Michel Art Gallery in Montreal
 Qu&eacute;bec. From 1991 to 2001
 Dr. Muffoletto was the owner/operator
of a Naturopathic Apothecary
 Herbal Alter*Natives of Seattle
 Washington and Ellicott City
 Maryland. The apothecary housed Dr.
Muffoletto&rsquo;s Naturopathic practice. Dr. Muffoletto received a Bachelor&rsquo;s of Arts degree in Government and Communications
from the University of Baltimore in 1977
 and conducted postgraduate work in the schools of Public Administration and Publication
Design at the University of Baltimore from 1978 to 1979. In 1986
 he received his Doctorate of Naturopathic Medicine from the Santa
Fe Academy of Healing
 Santa Fe
 New Mexico.


has been a member of our board of directors since April 2005. Since 1998
 Mr. Fischman has been President and chief executive officer
of the APEX course
 the corporate training division of the International Association of Human Values. In addition
 Mr. Fischman
is a founding member and the director of training for USA at the Art of Living Foundation
 a global non-profit educational and
humanitarian organization at which he has coordinated over 200 personal development instructors since 1997.




J. Reed
 and Judy Holloway Reed
 Christopher Reed&rsquo;s wife and a board member
 none of our directors or executive officers
are related to one another.




 none of our executive
officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to Reed&rsquo;s
 have any material interest adverse to Reed&rsquo;s
or have
 during the past ten years:



    
    

    
    

    
had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against him/her or any business of which he/she was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

    
    

    
been subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities or banking activities; 



    
    
    


    
been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;

    
    

    
been subject to
 or party to
 any judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree 
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation
 (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.





governance principles. We believe that such principles are essential to running our business efficiently and to maintaining our
integrity in the marketplace. There have been no changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our
board of directors.




highest professional and personal ethics and values
 consistent with our longstanding values and standards. They should have broad
experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should
have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their service on
other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them
 given their individual circumstances
 to perform
responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential
director candidates
 the board of directors also considers the candidate&rsquo;s character
 judgment
 diversity
 age and skills
including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the board of directors.




three members of our board of directors
 Mr. Harris
 Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman
 are independent under the New York Stock
Exchange Listed Company Manual. We intend to maintain at least three independent directors on our board of directors in the future.




financial officers
 including the Chief Financial Officer
 are bound by a Code of Ethics that complies with Item 406 of Regulation
S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.reedsinc.com.




 our board
of directors has five directors and the following three standing committees: an Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee and a
Nominations and Governance Committee. These committees were formed in January 2007.


    
    
    
 Our Audit Committee
oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes
 internal systems of accounting and financial controls
 relationships
with independent auditors and audits of financial statements. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
selecting
 hiring and terminating our independent auditors;

    
    
    

    
    
evaluating the qualifications
 independence and performance of our independent auditors;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing the design
 implementation
 adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and critical accounting policies;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing with management and our independent auditors
 any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results of operations; and

    
    
    

    
    
    



Mr. Harris and Mr. Fischman. Dr. Muffoletto serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The board of directors has determined that
the three members of the Audit Committee are independent under the rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company
Manual and that Dr. Muffoletto qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined by the rules of the SEC.
Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee meeting applicable standards of the SEC and the New
York Stock Exchange.

 Our Compensation
Committee assists our board of directors in determining and developing plans for the compensation of our officers
 directors and
employees. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Dr. Muffoletto
 Mr. Harris and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined that all of the members of the Compensation
Committee are independent under New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual Section 303A.02. In affirmatively determining the
independence of a director who will serve on the compensation committee
 the Company&rsquo;s board considered all factors specifically
relevant to whether the director has a relationship to the Company which is material to the director&rsquo;s ability to be independent
from management in connection with the duties of a committee member
 including
 without limitation: (1) the source of compensation
of the director
 including any consulting
 advisory or other compensatory fee paid by the Company; and (2) whether the director
is affiliated with the Company
 or an affiliate of the Company.


charter for the Compensation Committee.


Our Nominations and Governance Committee assists the board of directors by identifying and recommending individuals qualified to
become members of our board of directors
 reviewing correspondence from our stockholders
 and establishing
 evaluating and overseeing
our corporate governance guidelines. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
evaluating the composition
 size and governance of our board of directors and its committees and making recommendations regarding future planning and the appointment of directors to our committees;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

comprised of Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined that all of the members of the Nominations
and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. Our board of directors
has adopted a written charter for the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee.




of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive officers and beneficial holders of more
than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity
securities.


 based solely upon a review
of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e) during our most recent fiscal year
and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s with respect to our most recent fiscal year or written representations
from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the year ended December 31
 2014 our directors
 executive officers and persons
who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.




for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 received by our principal executive officer
 current and former principal financial officers
 current
and former chief operating officers
 and our current Senior Vice principal of Sales who were and currently are our &ldquo;Named
Executive Officers&rdquo;.


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher J. Reed

    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

James Linesch

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thierry Foucaut

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
The amounts represent the fair value for all share-based payment awards
 calculated on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
 excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates. 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Reed&rsquo;s and David J. Williams agreed to a mutual separation on May 22
 2014.

    
    

    
James Linesch resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer effective January 30
 2014.

    
    

    
Thierry Foucaut resigned from his position as Chief Operating Officer effective February 4
 2014.

    
    

    
Reed&rsquo;s and Lawrence W. Tomsic agreed to a mutual separation on May 29
 2015 and includes severance of $22
500



    
    
    



executive officers. Mr. Reed is currently paid an annual salary of $227
000. Mr. Cohane is paid an annual salary of 210
000. Mr.
Miles and Mr. Beaton are currently paid an annual salary of $175
000. Any bonuses are discretionary.




regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer outstanding as of December 31
2015



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
Since November 2007
 Dr. Muffoletto receives $833 per month to serve as the Chairman of the Audit Committee.



    
    
    
Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters


 as of March 24
2016
 the beneficial common stock ownership of: (a) each of our directors
 (b) each of our current named executive officers
 (c)
each person known by us to be a beneficial holder of 5% or more of our common stock
 and (d) all of our executive officers and
directors as a group.


 the persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them. Unless otherwise
indicated
 the principal address of each listed executive officer and director is 13000 South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California
90061.



    
    
    

    
    
    
of Shares
Beneficially 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

371

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

371

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

596

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 24
 2016 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the stockholder holding the options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other stockholder. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we believe stockholders named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such stockholder&rsquo;s name. Percentage of ownership is based on 13
068
058 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 20
 2015.

    
    

    
Christopher J. Reed and Judy Holloway Reed are husband and wife. The same number of shares of common stock is shown for each of them
 as they may each be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of such shares. Consists of 2
371
890 shares of common stock and options to purchase 62
500 shares of common stock. Does not include options to purchase up to 42
500 shares of common stock
 which vest over three years.

    
    

    
The address for Mr. Harris is 160 Barranca Road
 Newbury Park
 California 91320.

    
    

    
Robert Reed is the trustee of the Reed Family Irrevocable Trust One and the Reed Family Irrevocable Trust Two. Each trust owns 400
000 shares of common stock. As sole Trustee
 Robert Reed holds voting and dispositive power over all of these shares.


Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


policies and procedures for the review of any transaction
 arrangement or relationship between Reed&rsquo;s and one of our executive
officers
 directors
 director nominees or 5% or greater stockholders (or their immediate family members)
 each of whom we refer
to as a &ldquo;related person
&rdquo; in which such related person has a direct or indirect material interest.


    
    
    

such a transaction
 arrangement or relationship
 defined as a &ldquo;related party transaction
&rdquo; the related party must report
the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the proposed related party transaction
to be reviewed and
 if deemed appropriate
 approved by the Nominations and Governance Committee. Our Nominations and Governance
Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto
 Mark Harris and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined that all of the members
of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.
If practicable
 the reporting
 review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance review and approval
is not practicable
 the Nominations and Governance Committee will review
 and
 in its discretion
 may ratify the related party
transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually at a minimum. The related party
transactions listed below were reviewed by the full board of directors. Prior to August 2005
 we did not have independent directors
on our board to review and approve related party transactions. The Nominations and Governance Committee shall review future related
party transactions.


 2015 and 2014
we have participated in the following transactions in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:


 our Secretary and director
is Christopher J. Reed&rsquo;s spouse.


 2008
 the
Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between the Company and
a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement was terminated
on January 1
 2015. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company paid no commissions and for the year ended December 31
2014 paid commissions of $1
000.

Principal Accounting Fees
and Services


 P.A. (&ldquo;Weinberg&rdquo;)
was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Weinberg for the years ended December 31
 2015 and
2013.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo;
are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review
of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years; (ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance
and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo; (iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are
fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
 other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo;
&ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;




to such periods consisted of the audits of our financial statements and limited reviews of the financial statements included in
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Weinberg also provided services with respect to the filing of our registration statements in 2015
and 2014.


    
    
    



would relate to &ldquo;audit related fees.&rdquo;








would relate to &ldquo;other fees.&rdquo;




 the Audit Committee
is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in order
to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The Commission&rsquo;s rules specify the types of non-audit
services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibility
for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.


 the
Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services
provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to us or any of our subsidiaries. The Audit Committee may delegate
pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does
 the decisions of that member must be presented to the
full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Accordingly
 100% of audit services and non-audit services described in this
Item 14 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.


accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
 permanent employees.


    
    
    







on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.




they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.




 which follows the signature
page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.










    
    
    



Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Date: March 23
 2016
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 this Report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
    
March 23
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2016

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    




    
Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 7
 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 27
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed December 18
 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156908))

    
    

    
Certificate of Designations
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed October 12
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designations as filed November 10
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Bylaws of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.
 as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19
 2012)

    
    

    
Form of common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Form of Series A preferred stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
2007 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Form 10-K filed March 27
 2009)

    
    

    
Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-157359))

    
    

    
Subsidiaries of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Consent of Weinberg &amp; Co.
 P.A.
 filed herewith. 

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are
        being furnished and not filed.
        

        information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of
        the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
        as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.



    
    
    













     



EXHIBIT
21

REED&rsquo;S
INC.






    
    













     



CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors
Reed&rsquo;s
Inc.

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the previously filed Registration Statements of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. on Form S-8 (No.
333-203469 and 333-178623) of our report
 dated March 23
 2016
 appearing in the annual report on Form 10K for the years ended
December 31
 2015 and 2014.

WEINBERG
&amp; COMPANY
 P.A.


Los
Angeles
 California
March
23
 2016



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


I
Christopher J. Reed
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 23
 2016
/s/
    Christopher J. Reed

    
Christopher
    J. Reed
    Chief Executive Officer
    (Principal Executive Officer)



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

I
Daniel V. Miles
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and




    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 23
 2016
/s/
    Daniel V. Miles 

    
Daniel
    V. Miles
    Chief Financial Officer
    (Principal Financial Officer)



    
    














     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the
year ended December 31
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
Christopher J. Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant
to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    

Date:
    March 23
 2015
By:
    
/s/
    Christopher J. Reed

    
    
Christopher
    J. Reed
    Chief Executive Officer
    (Principal Executive Officer)



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the
year ended December 31
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
James Linesch
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant
to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    

Date:
    March 23
 2016
By:
    
/s/
    Daniel V. Miles

    
    
Daniel
    V. Miles
    Chief Financial Officer
    (Principal Financial Officer)



    
    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 first-out) or market

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

364

395

563
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
911

927

306

 the Company prepaid&#13;for glass raw materials for $1
287
000 that was used in 2015 resulting in a balance of $47
000 for prepaid inventory of as of&#13;December 31
 2015. The Company also increased its reserve for obsolescence for the year ended December 31
 2015 by $200
000 to&#13;$290
000 from $90
000


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

107

108

875
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
868

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;338

800
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
312

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;903

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;448

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCECFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCECFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCECFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCECFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
585
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
977

216

405

369

572

 2015 and 2014 was $828
000 and $609
000

000 and $326
000 as of December 31
 2015 and 2014

    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


538

673

000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
031

603
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
642

000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(134

443

508

 2009
 the Company&#13;closed escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement&#13;for the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery&#13;equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an&#13;agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing&#13;involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.&#13;The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.&#13;Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at&#13;an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation was personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000 by the principal shareholder&#13;and Chief Executive Officer

 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $1.20 per share for five years.&#13;The 400
000 warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model.&#13;The following assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to $2.25; term of 5 years; volatility&#13;of 91.36% to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000 warrants were recorded as valuation&#13;discount and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization of valuation discount was $50
000&#13;during both of the years ended December 31

 2014
&#13;the Company executed Amendment #1 to the Long-term Financing Obligation. In exchange for a release from the $150
000 personal guarantee&#13;by the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Office
 and a release of the brewery equipment which was collateral for the lease&#13;agreement
 the Company issued 200
000 warrants to purchase its common stock for $5.60 per share for five years. The 200
000 warrants&#13;were valued at $584
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and were recorded as a valuation discount. The following&#13;assumptions were made in valuing the 200
000 warrants; term of 5 years
 volatility of 59.53%
 expected dividends 0% and discount&#13;rate of 1.25%. The warrants value of $584

 2015 and 2014 was $2
538
000 and $2
673
000






408

538



538

673

000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
031

603
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
642

000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(134

443

508

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 under 10 non-cancelable capital leases. In addition
 the company&#13;leases vehicles and office equipment with rates and monthly payments range from $189 to $10
441 per month
 including interest
&#13;at interest rates ranging from 3.50% to 17.31% per annum. The principal balance due under these leases was $643
000 and $601
000&#13;at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. At December 31
 2015
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated $19












    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 first-out) or market

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

364

395

563
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
911

927

306

    
    

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

107

108

875
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
868

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;338

800
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
312

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;903

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;448

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCECFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCECFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCECFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCECFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
585
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
977

216

405

369

572

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    












    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2015 and&#13;2014
 the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts&#13;available were approximately $18.6 million and $17.8 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $13.3 million and $13.3 million&#13;for state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires in 2018. Given the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will&#13;not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly

 2007
&#13;the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on&#13;a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain&#13;tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should&#13;be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&#13;This guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim&#13;periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not&#13;have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits

 2015 and 2014
 the Company&#13;has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

034

600

034

600




000 shares $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
&#13;there were 9
411 shares outstanding

 in the sole and absolute discretion of&#13;our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on&#13;shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full&#13;non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro&#13;rata distributions of dividends on an &amp;#147;as converted&amp;#148; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended&#13;December 31
 2015 the Company accrued and &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;paid a $5
000 dividend &lt;/font&gt;payable to the preferred&#13;shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 751 shares of its common stock. During the year&#13;ended December 31
 2014 the Company paid a $5
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders through the issuance of 1

&#13;dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders&#13;of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders&#13;of any of our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall&#13;be distributed pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem&#13;all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
&#13;which was $10.00

 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four&#13;shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
&#13;reclassification and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock&#13;a sufficient number of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During 2015

&#13;the holders of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election&#13;of directors. However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining&#13;the approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having&#13;a preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting

 19
500
000 shares authorized
 13
160
860 &amp;#160;shares outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 13
068
058 shares&#13;outstanding as of December 31

 2015
 the Company issued 247 shares of common stock for services at $5.46 per share with a value of $1
350. During the year&#13;ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued 2
807 shares of common stock for services at $4.63 per share with a value of $13


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

000

500


868

500

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage&#13;Corporation to Reed&amp;#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily&#13;in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.&#13;We currently manufacture


 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas




 supermarket chains

 2015
&#13;the Company recorded a net loss of $3
961
000 and utilized cash in operations of $1
348
000. During 2015
 the company experienced&#13;a major disruption in our east coast production facilities. By October of 2015
 the Company had qualified another two co-packers&#13;for a total of three co-packers enabling the Company to avoid supply chain interruptions in 2016. We believe that if this disruption&#13;had not occurred

 which we believe will be renewed or can be replaced. The Company has no&#13;other debt that becomes due until the second quarter of 2017. The Company believes it can successfully restructure its debt before&#13;that time

 we have financed&#13;our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 a line of credit from a financial institution&#13;and cash generated from operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations.&#13;If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive&#13;cash flow from operations. However
 we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable&#13;operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we may have insufficient working&#13;capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing
 and product development&#13;plans.. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms






029

 China Cola
&#13;and Sonoma Sparkler brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually.&#13;For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 2015 and 2014 was $209
000 and $203
000






 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has no plans to terminate or&#13;not renew any agreement with any of their customers; therefore



 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our&#13;financial position
 liquidity


 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between&#13;the Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement&#13;was terminated on January 1
 2015. The agreement required the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During&#13;the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company paid commissions of $1


 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable&#13;lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles


 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2015&#13;and 2014
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $356
000 and $253
000



 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of&#13;the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss&#13;is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 but are assessed&#13;for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our&#13;impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived&#13;intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible&#13;asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined&#13;by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December&#13;31
 2015 and 2014


000 at December 31
 2015. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances&#13;in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2015
&#13;the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 14% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2014
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 33% and 14% of its sales
 respectively. No other&#13;customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2015 the Company had accounts receivable due from&#13;two customers who comprised $782
000 (24%) and $373
000 (12%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2014 the&#13;Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $630
000 (25%) and $255
000 (10%)
 respectively

 the Company relied on a single east coast co-pack contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage&#13;products. By year end
 the Company had multiple co- packers available for their production needs. Although there are other packers&#13;and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process

&#13;2015 and 2014
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 25% and 27%
 respectively of purchases. At December&#13;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 14% and 32% of its total accounts payable
 respectively.&#13;No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2015 and December 31


&#13;other than the quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables


 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished&#13;goods are determined on a market cost basis


 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs


 deferred taxes&#13;are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial&#13;reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if&#13;it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits


 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2015 and 2014 were approximately $3
765
000 and $4
199
000



 2015&#13;and 2014


261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;301

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;705

358
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
044


000 and $649
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&#13;The company spent $431


 or b) at the&#13;date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued&#13;each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they&#13;are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then&#13;current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.&#13;Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model


 2014
 the Company previously included $235
000 of banking fees as general and administrative&#13;expenses. In presenting the Company&amp;#146;s statement of operations for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU&#13;2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with&#13;a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. On August 12
 2015
 FASB delayed the required implementation to&#13;fiscal years ending after December 15
 2017 but now permitted organizations such a Reeds to adopt earlier. ASU 2014-09 will require&#13;that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also&#13;will require additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer&#13;contracts

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2014-12
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;. The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting&#13;for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service&#13;period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding&#13;lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim&#13;and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition&#13;approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest&#13;comparative period presented in the financial statements

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15)
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-10). ASU 2014-15&#13;provides guidance as to management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In connection with preparing financial statements&#13;for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&amp;#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
&#13;considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within&#13;one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements&#13;are available to be issued when applicable). Management&amp;#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that&#13;are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements&#13;are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern exists&#13;when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to&#13;meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to&#13;be issued). ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





029

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







408

538

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;639




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;705




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;980

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;318




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;500




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;661











000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;318



2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;101


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;301





 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;341

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;216








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    




    
    


    
    
    



    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives&#13;of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2015 and&#13;2014
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $356
000 and $253
000

&#13;general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders&#13;placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&amp;#146;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate


 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the&#13;asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

 but are assessed for impairment&#13;annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
&#13;we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset&#13;is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with&#13;its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted&#13;cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

000 at December 31
 2015. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances&#13;in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2015
&#13;the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 14% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2014
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 33% and 14% of its sales
 respectively. No other&#13;customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2015 the Company had accounts receivable due from&#13;two customers who comprised $782
000 (24%) and $373
000 (12%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2014 the&#13;Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $630
000 (25%) and $255
000 (10%)
 respectively

 the Company relied on a single east coast co-pack contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage&#13;products. By year end
 the Company had multiple co- packers available for their production needs. Although there are other packers&#13;and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process

&#13;2015 and 2014
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 25% and 27%
 respectively of purchases. At December&#13;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 14% and 32% of its total accounts payable
 respectively.&#13;No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2015 and December 31

&#13;other than the quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables

 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished&#13;goods are determined on a market cost basis

 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs

 deferred taxes&#13;are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial&#13;reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it&#13;is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits

 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2015 and 2014 were approximately $3
765
000 and $4
199
000


 2015&#13;and 2014


261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;301

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;705

358
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
044

000 and $649
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&#13;The company spent $431

 or b) at the&#13;date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued&#13;each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they&#13;are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then&#13;current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.&#13;Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model

 2014
 the Company previously included $235
000 of banking fees as general and administrative&#13;expenses. In presenting the Company&amp;#146;s statement of operations for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU&#13;2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with&#13;a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. On August 12
 2015
 FASB delayed the required implementation to&#13;fiscal years ending after December 15
 2017 but now permitted organizations such a Reeds to adopt earlier. ASU 2014-09 will require&#13;that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also&#13;will require additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer&#13;contracts

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2014-12
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;. The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting&#13;for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service&#13;period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding&#13;lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim&#13;and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition&#13;approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest&#13;comparative period presented in the financial statements

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15)
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-10). ASU 2014-15&#13;provides guidance as to management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In connection with preparing financial statements&#13;for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&amp;#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
&#13;considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within&#13;one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements&#13;are available to be issued when applicable). Management&amp;#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that&#13;are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements&#13;are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern exists&#13;when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to&#13;meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to&#13;be issued). ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants


 2011
 the&#13;Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (PMC)
 which was amended and extended&#13;for two years on December 5
 2014
 that provides a $6
000
000 revolving line of credit. The Amended Agreement extends and amends&#13;the Revolving Loan and Term Loan (see discussion below) and adds a new Capital Expansion Loan (the &amp;#147;Capex Loan&amp;#148;) (see&#13;discussion below). At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $4
443
000 and&#13;$3
009

 2015). However
 the interest rate&#13;has been adjusted as described below in term loans. The monthly management fee is .45% of the average monthly loan balance. As&#13;of December 31
 2015
 the Company had borrowing availability of $216


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

000

500


868

500

 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan was $750
000
 and was secured by all of the unencumbered assets&#13;of the Company. Effective December 5
 2014 the Term Loan&amp;#146;s outstanding principal balance was increased to $1
500

 2015 the Company&#13;entered into an additional Term Loan with a principal balance of $1
500
000 at prime plus 11.60% (currently 14.85%) with PMC. As&#13;of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the amount outstanding was $3
000
000 and $1
500


 the rate charge&#13;will be calculated on a sliding scale based on the trailing 6 month EBITDA. If the EBITDA measuring point stays below $1
000
000&#13;where it is now
 the rate will rise to 12% from the current rate of 9%. If EBITDA rises to $1
500

 if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving line of credit remains more than $1
500
000 at all&#13;times during the preceding month (currently Reed&amp;#146;s Borrowing Availability is zero) the Interest Rate shall remain unchanged&#13;for the asset based lending that includes the Revolving working capital loan

 2015
 the Company completed&#13;a restructuring of Term Loans with PMC. The aggregated amount of the principal for affected term loans is $3
000
000. Under the&#13;new agreement
 the maturity of both loans will be due in lump sum on April 1
 2017 under the same rates and conditions as before.&#13;In connection with the agreement
 the Company granted PMC 125
000 warrants at an exercise price of $4.50 per share for five years&#13;and six months. The 125
000 warrants were valued at $141
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and were recorded&#13;as a valuation discount. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 125
000 warrants; term of 5.5 years
 volatility of&#13;56.04%
 expected dividends 0% and discount rate of 0.68%. The warrants value of $141

 the Company entered into a CAPEX loan in the aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $3
000
000. The CAPEX&#13;loan will finance new asset purchases for modernization and improvement of the beverage bottling equipment in the Los Angeles plant.&#13;Interest only on the CAPEX loan shall be paid from time to time until the end of each fiscal quarter
 at which time the principal&#13;amounts of each outstanding CAPEX loan will be aggregated and repaid in 48 equal monthly installments of principal plus accrued&#13;but unpaid interest beginning July 31
 2016
 or if earlier
 the revolver maturity of December 2016. The interest rate on the CAPEX&#13;loan is the prime rate plus 5.75% (9% at December 31
 2015). At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance on the CAPEX loan balance&#13;was $1
883
000 and $672
000 respectively and as of December 31
 2015
 the Company had future borrowing availability of $1
458

000 at a co-packing facility to enable the co-packer to manufacture our products. Should&#13;the Company be unable to secure access to the equipment in the event of failure of the co-packer


 the Company adopted&#13;the Reed&amp;#146;s Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan and in 2015 the Company adopted the Reed&amp;#146;s Inc. 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory&#13;Stock Option Plan (the &amp;#147;Plans&amp;#148;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Board of Directors.&#13;Individuals eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company.&#13;The options shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date or&#13;110% of the fair market value per share on the grant date for Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The total number of options&#13;authorized is 1
500
000 and 500
000

 2015 and 2014
 the Company granted 548
000 and 477
500 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&amp;#146;s common stock&#13;at a weighted exercise price of $5.63 and $4.73
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The fair value of the options granted&#13;during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $1
398
000 and $577
000

 respectively. The fair value of each option award&#13;is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following&#13;table. For purposes of determining the expected life of the option


 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $877
000 and $396
000
 respectively
&#13;and has been reflected as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2015
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $1
200
000 which&#13;will be amortized as compensation cost as the options vest

 2015
 the&#13;Company repriced 608
000 employee options to an exercise price of $5.01 per share
 which were previously $5.10-$6.46 per share.&#13;The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was approximately $11

833 stock&#13;options exercised on a cashless basis in the year ended December 31
 2015 at exercise prices between $1.14 and $4.60 per share
&#13;issuing 57
112 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31

 2014 there were 348
332 options exercised at an average price of $1.14. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 however
 the&#13;Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;639




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;705




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;980

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;318


 2015
&#13;the aggregate intrinsic values of $843
000 and $525
000 were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise&#13;price of the Company&amp;#146;s stock
 which was $5.38 as of December 31


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;500




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;661










000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;318

 2015
&#13;the Company executed an Amendment to both Long-term Financing Obligations (see Note 6). In exchange for an extension of the maturity&#13;dates of both loans to April 1
 2017 125
000 warrants were issued to the lender. The 125
000 warrants were valued at $141
000 using&#13;the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 125
000 warrants; term of 5.5&#13;years
 volatility of 56.04%

 2015 there were 34
691 warrants exercised at prices between $2.10 and $2.25 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company&#13;of $75
000 and 34


2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;101


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;301





 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;341

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;216


 2015
&#13;the aggregate intrinsic value of $152
000 and $42
000 which was calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise&#13;price of the Company&amp;#146;s stock
 which was $5.38 as of December 31






    

 2015&#13;and 2014


261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;301

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;705

358
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
044


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

034

600

034

600










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of&#13;reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&amp;#146;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate

    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      



000




500



      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of reserves of $290
000 and $90
000




 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $356
000 and $253
000



      


      


      



 net of accumulated depreciation of $4
216
000 and $3
405
000



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 less current portion
 net of discount of $935
000 and $1
031
000







      



 less current portion
 net of discount of $132
000 and $0



      


      


      



 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 and 9
411 shares issued and outstanding




 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 13
160
860 and 13
068
058 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      







 allowance for doubtful accounts











      


































      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      




      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      






      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      








      









      


      


      


      











      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      



















      



 Outstanding













 Outstanding
















 Share Outstanding



 Share Outstanding








 Shares Outstanding














 Shares Outstanding




 Nonvested Shares Outstanding















 Nonvested Shares Outstanding



      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      





      



 Outstanding















 Outstanding




















 Outstanding



 Outstanding






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


000



500


      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      











 Option
 Changes in Fair Value


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      

      








 Plant and Equipment





      

      

      


 Future Minimum Payments Due


















 Future Minimum Payments


      


 Fair Value Assumptions


      


 Fair Value Assumptions



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Nonvested



 Options
 Nonvested



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      

      

      


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value









 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015











 INC.





















  2015



















































152
000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

160
860


























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











816
000


000



Inventory
 net of reserves of $290
000 and $90
000
 respectively

927
000


306
000



Trade accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $356
000 and $253
000
 respectively

894
000


500
000





000


287
000





000


000





453
000


499
000



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation of $4
216
000 and $3
405
000
 respectively

369
000


572
000





029
000


029
000





851
000


100
000












458
000


894
000





000


000





443
000


009
000





000


000





000


000





000







723
000


292
000



Long term financing obligation
 less current portion
 net of discount of $935
000 and $1
031
000
 respectively

443
000


508
000



Capital leases payable
 less current portion

000


000





542
000


000



Term loan
 less current portion
 net of discount of $132
000 and $0
 respectively

868
000


500
000





066
000


448
000










Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 and 9
411 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

000


000



Common stock
 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 13
160
860 and 13
068
058 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

000


000





399
000


300
000





709
000)


743
000)





000


652
000





851
000


100
000




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20




























 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Amount of long-term debt
 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 excluding current portion.
 -Paragraph 19
 22



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Trade accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 returns and discounts

000


000



Property and equipment
 accumulated depreciation

216
000


405
000



Long term financing obligation
 net of discount

000


031
000





000





Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 par value






Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 shares issued

411


411



Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

411


411



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

500
000


500
000



Common stock
 shares issued

160
860


068
058



Common stock
 shares outstanding

160
860


068
058




































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Sales
 net

948
000


422
000





343
000


416
000





605
000


006
000












100
000


478
000





867
000


838
000





368
000


414
000





335
000


730
000





730
000)


000





231
000)


028
000)





961
000)


000)







000)





961
000)


000)





000)


000)





966
000)


000)












147
815


043
927

































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses and taxes from ongoing operations before extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.


















































































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

000


000


276
000


984
000)


387
000



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2013

922
832


411















000




000)



Fair Value of common stock issued for services
 shares

807

















000




000





362








134









000




000









000




000









000


000)







057



















000)


000)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

000


000


300
000


743
000)


652
000



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2014

068
058


411















000




000)



Fair Value of common stock issued for services
 shares



























112








833









000




000



Exercise of stock warrants
 shares

692

















000




000









000




000









000


000)


























961
000)


961
000)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2015





399
000


709
000)


000



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2015

160
860


411




































































































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation related to stock options during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized).






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











961
000)


000)












000


000





000


000





000


000





000


000












000)


000)





621
000)


000)





240
000


031
000)





000)


000)





564
000


282
000





000


000)





348
000)


016
000












000)


000)





000)


000)












000


000







000)







000)





500
000


003
000





000)


000)





000)


000)





434
000


515
000)





737
000


000)





000


000)





000


104
000





816
000


000












187
000


000







000












000


000





000


000





000


000





000


000





000















































































































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































For each line item in the statement of financial position
 the amounts of gains and losses from fair value changes included in earnings.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]









    
    




    
    
    



 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage
Corporation to Reed&#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily
in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.
We currently manufacture
 market and sell seven unique product lines:



    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Brews


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&#146;s Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas


    
    
    

    
    
Culture Club Kombucha


    
    
    

    
    
China Colas


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger candy and ice creams
 

    
    
    

    
    
    



primarily in natural food stores
 supermarket chains
 and upscale gourmet stores in the United States and Canada.



    
    
    



statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such assumption contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year ended December 31
 2015
the Company recorded a net loss of $3
961
000 and utilized cash in operations of $1
348
000. During 2015
 the company experienced
a major disruption in our east coast production facilities. By October of 2015
 the Company had qualified another two co-packers
for a total of three co-packers enabling the Company to avoid supply chain interruptions in 2016. We believe that if this disruption
had not occurred
 the Company would have been able to fill purchase orders and avoid the additional costs related to delivery and
raw materials.


has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months. The Company&#146;s secured
working capital facility will expire in December 2016
 which we believe will be renewed or can be replaced. The Company has no
other debt that becomes due until the second quarter of 2017. The Company believes it can successfully restructure its debt before
that time
 if necessary.


 we have financed
our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 a line of credit from a financial institution
and cash generated from operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations.
If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive
cash flow from operations. However
 we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable
operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we may have insufficient working
capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing
 and product development
plans.. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











    
    




    
    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives
of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions
made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#146;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#146;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2015 and
2014
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $356
000 and $253
000
 respectively.



    
    
    



of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review
our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast
of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products can
fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders
placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&#146;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result
in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.



    
    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize
any impairment for its property and equipment.



    

    




    
    
    



brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these brand names will contribute
cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are assessed for impairment
annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset
is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with
its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted
cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible assets.



    
    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2015. The Company
may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
the Company&#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances
in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


 2015
the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 14% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2014
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 33% and 14% of its sales
 respectively. No other
customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2015 the Company had accounts receivable due from
two customers who comprised $782
000 (24%) and $373
000 (12%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2014 the
Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $630
000 (25%) and $255
000 (10%)
 respectively
 of its total
accounts receivable.


2015
 the Company relied on a single east coast co-pack contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage
products. By year end
 the Company had multiple co- packers available for their production needs. Although there are other packers
and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
which could ultimately affect operating results.


2015 and 2014
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 25% and 27%
 respectively of purchases. At December
31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 14% and 32% of its total accounts payable
 respectively.
No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014.



    
    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


other than the quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


inputs based on the Company&#146;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital
lease obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on
these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates.



    

    




    
    
    



costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished
goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related
to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.



    
    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    
    



approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it
is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility
is uncertain. The Company&#146;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax
expense.



    
    
    



a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally
occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures
performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items.
Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2015 and 2014 were approximately $3
765
000 and $4
199
000
 respectively.



    
    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2015
and 2014
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
301
963
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
705
333
    

    
    
    
1
358
905
    
    
    
1
044
940
    




    

    




    
    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $105
000 and $649
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.
The company spent $431
000 in 2014 for national cable television advertising.



    
    
    



options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants
issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the
date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued
each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they
are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then
current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement
date.


stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 and based on
actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense
recorded in future periods.



    
    
    



of operations for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company previously included $235
000 of banking fees as general and administrative
expenses. In presenting the Company&#146;s statement of operations for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
has reclassified these expenses to interest expense.



    
    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU
2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with
a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. On August 12
 2015
 FASB delayed the required implementation to
fiscal years ending after December 15
 2017 but now permitted organizations such a Reeds to adopt earlier. ASU 2014-09 will require
that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also
will require additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer
contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill
a contract. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date
of adoption. Management has determined to adopt ASU 2014-09 in Fiscal 2017 and has not determined the effect of the standard on
our ongoing financial reporting.



    

    



 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-12
. The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting
for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 will
not have a significant impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is in the process
of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company&#146;s financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15)
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-10). ASU 2014-15
provides guidance as to management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In connection with preparing financial statements
for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Management&#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that
are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern exists
when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to
meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to
be issued). ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will adopt ASU 2014-15 on the Company&#146;s financial statement presentation
and disclosures beginning in 2016.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











    
    



at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
4
364
000
    
    
    
3
395
000
    

    
    
    
3
563
000
    
    
    
2
911
000
    

    
    
    
7
927
000
    
    
    
6
306
000
    



 the Company prepaid
for glass raw materials for $1
287
000 that was used in 2015 resulting in a balance of $47
000 for prepaid inventory of as of
December 31
 2015. The Company also increased its reserve for obsolescence for the year ended December 31
 2015 by $200
000 to
$290
000 from $90
000
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








    
    



comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
1
107
000
    
    
    
1
108
000
    

    
    
    
1
875
000
    
    
    
1
868
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
338
000
    

    
    
    
3
800
000
    
    
    
3
312
000
    

    
    
    
857
000
    
    
    
903
000
    

    
    
    
469
000
    
    
    
448
000
    

    
    
    
977
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
585
000
    
    
    
7
977
000
    

    
    
    
(4
216
000
    
    
    
(3
405
000
    

    
    
    
5
369
000
    
    
    
4
572
000
    



the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $828
000 and $609
000
 respectively.


on equipment held under capital leases was $461
000 and $326
000 as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. (See note 8).



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    





following three trademarks for natural beverage as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
224
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
1
029
000
    



 China Cola
and Sonoma Sparkler brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually.
For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived
intangible assets.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











    
    





 2011
 the
Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (PMC)
 which was amended and extended
for two years on December 5
 2014
 that provides a $6
000
000 revolving line of credit. The Amended Agreement extends and amends
the Revolving Loan and Term Loan (see discussion below) and adds a new Capital Expansion Loan (the &#147;Capex Loan&#148;) (see
discussion below). At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $4
443
000 and
$3
009
000 respectively.


is based on 85% of accounts receivable and 60% of eligible inventory and is secured by substantially all of the Company&#146;s
assets. The interest rate on the Revolving Loan was the prime rate plus .35% (9% at December 31
 2015). However
 the interest rate
has been adjusted as described below in term loans. The monthly management fee is .45% of the average monthly loan balance. As
of December 31
 2015
 the Company had borrowing availability of $216
000 under the line of credit agreement.


on December 5
 2016 and is subject to a 1% prepayment penalty for prepayment prior to the first anniversary of the effective date.




outstanding with PMC Financial Services Corporation;



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
000
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    

    
    
    
(132
000)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
868
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    



Agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan was $750
000
 and was secured by all of the unencumbered assets
of the Company. Effective December 5
 2014 the Term Loan&#146;s outstanding principal balance was increased to $1
500
000 and
the annual interest rate was revised to prime plus 5.75% (currently 9%) subject to adjustment as described below.


 2015 the Company
entered into an additional Term Loan with a principal balance of $1
500
000 at prime plus 11.60% (currently 14.85%) with PMC. As
of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the amount outstanding was $3
000
000 and $1
500
000 respectively.


and Term loans described above were modified on September 1
 2015 and are subject to adjustment as follows:


 the rate charge
will be calculated on a sliding scale based on the trailing 6 month EBITDA. If the EBITDA measuring point stays below $1
000
000
where it is now
 the rate will rise to 12% from the current rate of 9%. If EBITDA rises to $1
500
000 then the rate will be reduced
to 9%.


terms above
 if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving line of credit remains more than $1
500
000 at all
times during the preceding month (currently Reed&#146;s Borrowing Availability is zero) the Interest Rate shall remain unchanged
for the asset based lending that includes the Revolving working capital loan
 CAPEX capital improvement loan and Term Loan A. The
six month Term Loan B rates will remain the same at 14.85%.


 2015
 the Company completed
a restructuring of Term Loans with PMC. The aggregated amount of the principal for affected term loans is $3
000
000. Under the
new agreement
 the maturity of both loans will be due in lump sum on April 1
 2017 under the same rates and conditions as before.
In connection with the agreement
 the Company granted PMC 125
000 warrants at an exercise price of $4.50 per share for five years
and six months. The 125
000 warrants were valued at $141
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and were recorded
as a valuation discount. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 125
000 warrants; term of 5.5 years
 volatility of
56.04%
 expected dividends 0% and discount rate of 0.68%. The warrants value of $141
000 will be amortized over the remaining 16
months of the term loans.

Capital Expansion (&#147;CAPEX&#148;)
Loan


agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into a CAPEX loan in the aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $3
000
000. The CAPEX
loan will finance new asset purchases for modernization and improvement of the beverage bottling equipment in the Los Angeles plant.
Interest only on the CAPEX loan shall be paid from time to time until the end of each fiscal quarter
 at which time the principal
amounts of each outstanding CAPEX loan will be aggregated and repaid in 48 equal monthly installments of principal plus accrued
but unpaid interest beginning July 31
 2016
 or if earlier
 the revolver maturity of December 2016. The interest rate on the CAPEX
loan is the prime rate plus 5.75% (9% at December 31
 2015). At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance on the CAPEX loan balance
was $1
883
000 and $672
000 respectively and as of December 31
 2015
 the Company had future borrowing availability of $1
458
000.


has placed equipment with a cost of $341
000 at a co-packing facility to enable the co-packer to manufacture our products. Should
the Company be unable to secure access to the equipment in the event of failure of the co-packer
 the amount will become due and
payable by the Company immediately.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015











    
    



is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
538
000
    
    
    
2
673
000
    

    
    
    
(935
000)
    
    
    
(1
031
000
    

    
    
    
1
603
000
    
    
    
1
642
000
    

    
    
    
(160
000)
    
    
    
(134
000
    

    
    
    
1
443
000
    
    
    
1
508
000
    



 2009
 the Company
closed escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement
for the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery
equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an
agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing
involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.
The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.
Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at
an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation was personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000 by the principal shareholder
and Chief Executive Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.


obligation
 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $1.20 per share for five years.
The 400
000 warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model.
The following assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to $2.25; term of 5 years; volatility
of 91.36% to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000 warrants were recorded as valuation
discount and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization of valuation discount was $50
000
during both of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


 2014
the Company executed Amendment #1 to the Long-term Financing Obligation. In exchange for a release from the $150
000 personal guarantee
by the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Office
 and a release of the brewery equipment which was collateral for the lease
agreement
 the Company issued 200
000 warrants to purchase its common stock for $5.60 per share for five years. The 200
000 warrants
were valued at $584
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and were recorded as a valuation discount. The following
assumptions were made in valuing the 200
000 warrants; term of 5 years
 volatility of 59.53%
 expected dividends 0% and discount
rate of 1.25%. The warrants value of $584
000 is being amortized over the remaining term of the purchase option.


under the financing obligation at December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $2
538
000 and $2
673
000
 respectively. Aggregate future obligations
under the financing obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
160
000
    

    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
259
000
    

    
    
    
299
000
    

    
    
    
1
408
000
    

    
    
    
2
538
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    



for its brewery operations with an aggregate value of $903
000 under 10 non-cancelable capital leases. In addition
 the company
leases vehicles and office equipment with rates and monthly payments range from $189 to $10
441 per month
 including interest
at interest rates ranging from 3.50% to 17.31% per annum. The principal balance due under these leases was $643
000 and $601
000
at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. At December 31
 2015
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated $19
000. The
leases expire at various dates through 2019.


under capital leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
209
000
    

    
    
    
193
000
    

    
    
    
193
000
    

    
    
    
154
000
    

    
    
    
26
000
    

    
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(132
000
    

    
    
    
643
000
    

    
    
    
(153
000
    

    
    
    
490
000
    





































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    


Preferred
Stock




consists of 500
000 shares $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
there were 9
411 shares outstanding
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share. Each share of Series A Preferred stock
can be converted into four shares of Reed&#146;s common stock.


have a 5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of
our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on
shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full
non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro
rata distributions of dividends on an &#147;as converted&#148; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended
December 31


shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 751 shares of its common stock. During the year
ended December 31
 2014 the Company paid a $5
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders through the issuance of 1
057
shares of its common stock.


dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders
of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders
of any of our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall
be distributed pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem
all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
which was $10.00
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.


may be converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four
shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
reclassification and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock
a sufficient number of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During 2015
no shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into common stock.


the holders of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election
of directors. However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining
the approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having
a preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other
security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.




$.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 13
160
860 &#160;shares outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 13
068
058 shares
outstanding as of December 31
 2014.


31
 2015
 the Company issued 247 shares of common stock for services at $5.46 per share with a value of $1
350. During the year
ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued 2
807 shares of common stock for services at $4.63 per share with a value of $13
000.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]









    
    




    
    
    



 the Company adopted
the Reed&#146;s Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan and in 2015 the Company adopted the Reed&#146;s Inc. 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory
Stock Option Plan (the &#147;Plans&#148;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Individuals eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company.
The options shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date or
110% of the fair market value per share on the grant date for Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The total number of options
authorized is 1
500
000 and 500
000
 respectively for the Plans.


31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company granted 548
000 and 477
500 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&#146;s common stock
at a weighted exercise price of $5.63 and $4.73
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The fair value of the options granted
during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $1
398
000 and $577
000
 respectively.


date fair value of options granted during 2015 and 2014 was $2.54 and $2.03
 respectively. The fair value of each option award
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following
table. For purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free
rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



of the options vesting
 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $877
000 and $396
000
 respectively
and has been reflected as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2015
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $1
200
000 which
will be amortized as compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 to 4 years.


 2015
 the
Company repriced 608
000 employee options to an exercise price of $5.01 per share
 which were previously $5.10-$6.46 per share.
The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was approximately $11
000.


833 stock
options exercised on a cashless basis in the year ended December 31
 2015 at exercise prices between $1.14 and $4.60 per share
issuing 57
112 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31
 2015.


31
 2014 there were 348
332 options exercised at an average price of $1.14. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 however
 the
Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000.


as of December 31
 2015 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    

Outstanding at January 1
 2014
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
477
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(216
134
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(195
367
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
705
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(135
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(137
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
843
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2015
    
    
318
917
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
525
000
    



 2015
the aggregate intrinsic values of $843
000 and $525
000 were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise
price of the Company&#146;s stock
 which was $5.38 as of December 31
 2015.


the Company&#146;s nonvested shares granted under the Company&#146;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2015 and changes during
the year then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2014
    
    
500
576
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(249
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(137
743
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2015
    
    
661
083
    
    
    
    
    



options outstanding as of December 31
 2015 is as follows:



    
    
Options Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
    

 2015
    

    

    
    


    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
69
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
303
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
165
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
608
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
84
167
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
318
197
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    



 2015
the Company executed an Amendment to both Long-term Financing Obligations (see Note 6). In exchange for an extension of the maturity
dates of both loans to April 1
 2017 125
000 warrants were issued to the lender. The 125
000 warrants were valued at $141
000 using
the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model. The following assumptions were made in valuing the 125
000 warrants; term of 5.5
years
 volatility of 56.04%
 expected dividends 0% and discount rate of 0.69%. The warrants will be amortized over 17 months.


31
 2015 there were 34
691 warrants exercised at prices between $2.10 and $2.25 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company
of $75
000 and 34
692 shares of common stock issued.


warrant activity for the two years ended December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    

Outstanding at December 31
2013
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
301
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
430
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(34
692
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(51
010
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
152
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2015
    
    
216
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
42
000
    



 2015
the aggregate intrinsic value of $152
000 and $42
000 which was calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise
price of the Company&#146;s stock
 which was $5.38 as of December 31
 2015.


the outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
341
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    



 2015 and
2014
 the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts
available were approximately $18.6 million and $17.8 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $13.3 million and $13.3 million
for state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires in 2018. Given the
Company&#146;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will
not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for
this benefit.


 2007
the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on
a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should
be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
This guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim
periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not
have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and no adjustment was required at adoption.


is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally
 tax years 2008 through 2015 remain open
to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.


income by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the carryforwards
and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.


the Company&#146;s deferred income tax assets are as follows as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
034
000
    
    
    
7
600
000
    

    
    
    
(9
034
000
    
    
    
(7
600
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



income tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    





space under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense under these and other operating leases for the years ended December
31
 2015 and 2014 was $209
000 and $203
000
 respectively.


leases as of December 31
 2015 are as follows:



Year ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
155
000
    

    
    
    
137
000
    

    
    
    
292
000
    





into contracts with customers with clauses that commit the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the agreement early or
without cause. The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&#146;s products to a defined type
of retailer within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically renew the agreements
without cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has no plans to terminate or
not renew any agreement with any of their customers; therefore
 no such fees have been accrued in the accompanying financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    



 we are
a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these
claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of
the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.


no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted
with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our
financial position
 liquidity
 or results of operations.



































The entire disclosure for legal proceedings
 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    



31
 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between
the Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement
was terminated on January 1
 2015. The agreement required the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company paid commissions of $1
000.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








    
    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable
lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions
made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.







    
    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#146;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#146;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2015
and 2014
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $356
000 and $253
000
 respectively.








    
    
    



of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review
our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast
of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products can
fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of
reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&#146;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which
could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.








    
    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
did not recognize any impairment for its property and equipment.








    
    
    



indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these brand names
will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are assessed
for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our
impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible
asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined
by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December
31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible assets.








    
    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2015. The Company
may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
the Company&#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances
in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


 2015
the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 14% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2014
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 33% and 14% of its sales
 respectively. No other
customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2015 the Company had accounts receivable due from
two customers who comprised $782
000 (24%) and $373
000 (12%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2014 the
Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $630
000 (25%) and $255
000 (10%)
 respectively
 of its total
accounts receivable.


2015
 the Company relied on a single east coast co-pack contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage
products. By year end
 the Company had multiple co- packers available for their production needs. Although there are other packers
and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
which could ultimately affect operating results.


2015 and 2014
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 25% and 27%
 respectively of purchases. At December
31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 14% and 32% of its total accounts payable
 respectively.
No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014.








    
    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


other than the quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


inputs based on the Company&#146;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital
lease obligations and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on
these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates.








    
    
    



the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished
goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related
to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.








    
    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.








    
    
    



approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future
deductibility is uncertain. The Company&#146;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters
in income tax expense.








    
    
    



a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally
occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures
performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items.
Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2015 and 2014 were approximately $3
765
000 and $4
199
000
 respectively.








    
    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2015
and 2014
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
301
963
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
705
333
    

    
    
    
1
358
905
    
    
    
1
044
940
    










    
    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $105
000 and $649
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.
The company spent $431
000 in 2014 for national cable television advertising.








    
    
    



options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants
issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the
date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued
each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they
are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then
current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement
date.


stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 and based on
actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation
expense recorded in future periods.








    
    
    



of operations for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company previously included $235
000 of banking fees as general and administrative
expenses. In presenting the Company&#146;s statement of operations for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
has reclassified these expenses to interest expense.








    
    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU
2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with
a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. On August 12
 2015
 FASB delayed the required implementation to
fiscal years ending after December 15
 2017 but now permitted organizations such a Reeds to adopt earlier. ASU 2014-09 will require
that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also
will require additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer
contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill
a contract. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date
of adoption. Management has determined to adopt ASU 2014-09 in Fiscal 2017 and has not determined the effect of the standard on
our ongoing financial reporting.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-12
. The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting
for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 will
not have a significant impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is in the process
of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company&#146;s financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15)
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-10). ASU 2014-15
provides guidance as to management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In connection with preparing financial statements
for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Management&#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that
are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern exists
when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to
meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to
be issued). ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will adopt ASU 2014-15 on the Company&#146;s financial statement presentation
and disclosures beginning in 2016.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.







Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    








 2015
and 2014
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
301
963
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
705
333
    

    
    
    
1
358
905
    
    
    
1
044
940
    


































































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
4
364
000
    
    
    
3
395
000
    

    
    
    
3
563
000
    
    
    
2
911
000
    

    
    
    
7
927
000
    
    
    
6
306
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
1
107
000
    
    
    
1
108
000
    

    
    
    
1
875
000
    
    
    
1
868
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
338
000
    

    
    
    
3
800
000
    
    
    
3
312
000
    

    
    
    
857
000
    
    
    
903
000
    

    
    
    
469
000
    
    
    
448
000
    

    
    
    
977
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
585
000
    
    
    
7
977
000
    

    
    
    
(4
216
000
    
    
    
(3
405
000
    

    
    
    
5
369
000
    
    
    
4
572
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









following three trademarks for natural beverage as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
224
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
1
029
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









outstanding with PMC Financial Services Corporation;



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
000
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    

    
    
    
(132
000)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
868
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
538
000
    
    
    
2
673
000
    

    
    
    
(935
000)
    
    
    
(1
031
000
    

    
    
    
1
603
000
    
    
    
1
642
000
    

    
    
    
(160
000)
    
    
    
(134
000
    

    
    
    
1
443
000
    
    
    
1
508
000
    








under the financing obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
160
000
    

    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
259
000
    

    
    
    
299
000
    

    
    
    
1
408
000
    

    
    
    
2
538
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









under capital leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
209
000
    

    
    
    
193
000
    

    
    
    
193
000
    

    
    
    
154
000
    

    
    
    
26
000
    

    
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(132
000
    

    
    
    
643
000
    

    
    
    
(153
000
    

    
    
    
490
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









as of December 31
 2015 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    

Outstanding at January 1
 2014
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
477
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(216
134
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(195
367
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
705
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(135
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(137
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
843
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2015
    
    
318
917
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
525
000
    








the Company&#146;s nonvested shares granted under the Company&#146;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2015 and changes during
the year then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2014
    
    
500
576
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(249
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(137
743
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2015
    
    
661
083
    
    
    
    
    








options outstanding as of December 31
 2015 is as follows:



    
    
Options Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
    

 2015
    

    

    
    


    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
69
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
303
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
165
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
608
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
84
167
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
318
197
    
    
    
    
    









warrant activity for the two years ended December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    

Outstanding at December 31
2013
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
301
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
430
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(34
692
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(51
010
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
152
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2015
    
    
216
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
42
000
    








the outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
341
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    































































































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









the Company&#146;s deferred income tax assets are as follows as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
034
000
    
    
    
7
600
000
    

    
    
    
(9
034
000
    
    
    
(7
600
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








income tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










leases as of December 31
 2015 are as follows:



Year ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
155
000
    

    
    
    
137
000
    

    
    
    
292
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








961
000


000





348
000


016
000)







Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




000


000





000





















765
000


199
000





000


000





000







368
000


414
000












000



















Customer One | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]





























000


000



Customer Two | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]





























000


000



No Other Customer | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Maximum [Member]








































































































A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























Amount paid for incentive rights held by the managing member or general partner
 of limited liability company (LLC) or limited partnership (LP).
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


























































































Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




358
905


044
940












261


963












644


644












000


333


































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




000


287
000





000












Inventory
 reserve for obsolescence net

000












Inventory
 reserve for obsolescence net

000



































































Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











364
000


395
000





563
000


911
000



Inventory
 total

927
000


306
000



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








000


000





000


000










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








107
000


108
000





875
000


868
000





000


000





800
000


312
000





000


000





000


000





000





Property and equipment
 gross

585
000


977
000





216
000)


405
000)



Property and equipment
 net

369
000


572
000




































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.






















































































Amount before accumulated depreciation of fixtures and equipment. Includes
 but is not limited to
 machinery
 equipment
 and engines.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




029
000


029
000












000














000














000









Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































443
000


009
000













  2016



































Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate







































000
000















500
000


003
000













868
000


500
000













000


000













458
000















000






























000
000













































883
000


000


















Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate


















500
000


























Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate







































  2016















000




















Below $1
000
000 [Member] | Term Loans [Member]














Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate
























000
000





Rises To $1
500
000 [Member] | Term Loans [Member]














Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate
























500
000




















Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate



























































Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate














PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member]






















000
000
































868
000


500
000



PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Term Loans [Member]














Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate
























000











500
000









Loan bears interest
 description





500
000 and the annual interest rate was revised to prime plus 5.75% (currently 9%) subject to adjustment as described below.











000
000















000















000
























































































PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Term Loans [Member] | 5 Year and 6 Months [Member]





























PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Prime Rate [Member] | Term Loans [Member]














Revolving Loan
 effective interest rate

















































































































































































































































































































































Amount of outstanding long-term debt or borrowing associated with any securities or credit agreement for which there has been a default in principal
 interest
 sinking fund
 or redemption provisions
 or any breach of covenant that existed at the end of the period and subsequently has not been cured.




























Remaining amortization period for discount on the liability component of convertible debt which may be settled in cash upon conversion
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.




























Interest rate used to find the present value of an amount to be paid or received in the future as an input to measure fair value.  For example
 but not limited to
 weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
 cost of capital
 cost of equity and cost of debt.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























The reference rate for the variable rate of the loans receivable
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.




























The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a rate subject to change from time to time.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 excluding current portion.
 -Paragraph 19
 22



























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




000







868
000


500
000



PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member]








000
000


500
000





000)







868
000


500
000





































 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 excluding current portion.
 -Paragraph 19
 22



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 02
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014






056
000


















538
000


673
000














000






















000


















































000


000

























000


000









































Amortization of warrant
 term












000


























































































000








































































































































































































































































































































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




000)


031
000)





000


000





443
000


508
000












538
000


673
000





000)


031
000)





603
000


642
000





000)


000)





443
000


508
000







Financing obligation
 net of discount




























Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of long-term debt
 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000





000





000





408
000





538
000



































Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























000














000


000





000










































441










































































Gross amount of long-lived
 depreciable flight assets used in the entity's principle business operations
 subject to a lease and meeting the criteria for capitalization.

























































This element represents the payments that the lessee is obligated to make or can be required to make in connection with a property under the terms of an agreement classified as an operating lease
 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.




























Amount of cash outflow for costs that are essential to originate the lease and would not otherwise have been incurred without the lease agreement. Amount includes
 but is not limited to
 cash outflows to evaluate the lessee's credit condition
 guarantees
 and collateral and cash outflows for costs incurred in negotiating
 processing
 and executing the lease agreement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











000







000







000







000







000







000







000)







000







000)


000)





000


000







Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth and fifth fiscal years following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

411


411



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 authorized

500
000


500
000



Common stock
 outstanding

160
860


068
058



Common stock issued for services
 value

000


000












000


000







057










Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 par value













Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

411


411



Preferred stock shares
 liquidation preference




















Common stock issued for services
 value













Common stock issued for services
 shares



807










Common stock issued for services
 value



































































































































































































































































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 09
 2015
Sep. 11
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014






























000


500




















398
000


000




















000


000









200
000




















000













833


332









112
























000









000


000




















000











000


















000




691







000















































































000

















































































































































500
000

































000




















































































































































































































Warrants amortized period




















































































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Restrictions on equity-based instruments during the vesting period
 such as the inability to transfer unvested awards
 are not taken into account in estimating the fair value of the award. However
 restrictions that remain in effect after an award is vested
 such as the inability to transfer or hedge vested options or a prohibition on the sale of outstanding vested shares (or other type of equity) for a period of time
 affect the estimate of an award's fair value.

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).













































































































































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
















































































































The estimated amount of dividends to be paid to holders of the underlying shares (expected dividends) over the option's term. Dividends are taken into account because payment of dividends to shareholders reduces the fair value of the underlying shares
 and option holders generally do not receive dividends.




























The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 11
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








Shares Outstanding
 Beginning balance



333


334



Shares
 Granted



000


500



Shares
 Exercised



833)


134)



Shares
 Forfeited or expired



500)


367)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending balance



000


333







917





Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning








Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised








Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited or expired








Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending








Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable








Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding








Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable








Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Outstanding
 Beginning








Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Outstanding
 Ending



000





Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Exercisable



000































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]






Nonvested
 Shares Outstanding
 Beginning

576





Nonvested
 Shares Granted

000


500



Nonvested
 Shares Vested

750)





Nonvested
 Shares Forfeited

743)





Nonvested
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending

083


576



Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding
 Beginning balance






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Granted






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Vested






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Forfeited






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding
 Ending balance



























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




000














197




























000





















000



































000





















750



































000





















167




































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

963


963





000


000





692)







010)





Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance

261


963





261





Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited Or Expired






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable






Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding
 Beginning

000





Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding
 Ending

000


000



Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercisable

000


































































































































































































































































































































































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















261




















000




















000




















261























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











600
000


800
000





300
000


300
000


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











034
000


600
000





034
000)


600
000)















 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











000


000



































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















  2015










000





























































































Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).




































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx




PA4BF





MQ88=0OR .^
\E

MTQ1'E):T-M
(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2ENW)4] '_K


YOM1$A-GE4VV36] V&/+Q):$9DJ;

M


:;_67[8[X_;]#)LOYU37_Y1

M!3@EJEH









MH;^^:YL/&V2#.30G(;^WJWW[M(X[TM3:0ZUT):#(:NYD*:-F[>5F;5AV_,,
MF\&
MM&EI+^U2H%C4=/


@.+


T2 E$FT]Q:7FB1D#TP;X);U1KE#A/3Z;F
M0
9TE2


SMBN&%ON/G#3@XM C6\E?16?
M[Z2YBJLH=!FIEIHUI-H'2WEY6UQ?7\!I7LY.66_N !AR&
D
=X
R'/5EG%%


=N-9;]3L3.U^$H


!J9S]6
M:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@X_%X.+;+


@
M %AP=M;

MQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM

MZ#


^8



=4KY
I




[82EQB\

N10
M[I*0!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*L P%


M/TL'?!^2!F.
6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


$%

LA\P!W$%Q2'&N=( D16E&)2HC

M5&_*YKBGM&_C!6T^)-#1J*IH]XF2@C/LQ#IH+?K92_3!$?HX1#M64 I)GK6_





MZM16JU:9

K&X\G(J48&;8U?Z*5/7FC^_]#\TBE9^X52H6W6L%9JDWSZZ(]F
MNE%?E?

-T&Y4QG4G\ZNEMK
B96(F78^W




62NC?+8AB/^MBV9/@Q1=3%D9

M

M

DY=.41:&D&2/I5KZR
M%%0U8U3M)2Y+0$TS1M/A#!:(0G
SQEQ

A97=
M]Y$U^?63T:?_ %!+ P04      W@7=(6.UN+XD  20  &    'AL+W=O





5!@H]B! DV*0
5V K#OLF-CQ_\'


)*%JR6
ME1.Q G\\@[2!5\A4Z&&581TAG(J


M;
[+

BYX


FJ6FMK*WE(U=8^)



_-B+OJZ.8/A


%!8(1G7#/&UG-[S.4JOXVMXD@G

1AR
F!S

[].!B3

M+O.XJSEW$N5(E'N(



9!)!6@NM
W
V$
TCHHR4@;N6@F
J\HIT2Y:30GV6

D+^_YZ]







M%$#^TC S*[KU6TJ04_17)/S6GC9XT+DT1GCO1BI-XGFU/8G6KJ8U.0.CF:

O*4AD]^/);7P&\03B\UO%T2(E+ (0

M

MCHR+\MM@MPW4N-)9*+/)9F(R/]-^9OPFJ=L$JF7IK';G?0$&S^[^:7RDW\I=




_.
@U_








(6'0
ME!]PK%IS/

M&2&7PIM$L9


YVW.C!U
X$K9MS'!)H%)A3?81J5B
Q\


M39.4^-_9HS*-^3PHMX%CL%WN=/#




MXP]J][!54W/8/9-8B5T#Q@

!



MC6P!R=S(SB LBMS
WC+





!VBPIMT?A%P9+((!I'(
PQ0RT?L?L#\<4W=H9K!YMFZ*\*7-9D?2XLS'<
MS1FX
*=JS#UJ/
_L'
S]'MP#LU1RQL0=H%L_;N



6/=CNYP0(J$LG]JH%W$0S

M=WAF+9[J; B=RC.3-=&.A9Z
M6;

YPD6=U=NC9/J


[:
M7

M1$4TF@.J4L^[



P7!Z2I-^=






.Z11PUU;]

USN:\




M*=!+ZO&N:9*2-3/
@-9^3*FU]/?K* $)S


MKA!SD'I
65U6A'E*:4\&B-+%#]3P-)

M*HQIG&8L5Q9&+D/*KEOI\X3A& ]TE=
\L8@

4/1*A7@R0N%



@9RS(I[[YM\(LR(







)*+


M#$*^\=]9\ZUE(%[&B_KW.*UW?^(6'E'^$8WKO=F
D@9:/DKWC-

#B[
MS=[#31#QRL1[LW[LJ&GBX%5YKC:[HF3G('2%2<3CC%D1S*O?;)'36_0\TO//
MZ=MK^C8YW,X.=Y\+%-<11(H/AHQ88X+YOY=$W:QIPI
%Z^.)36.VJ4M7:OK

M2HG#87D@ZRNM_@-02P
$%     @ -X%W2+:$=R^D 0  L0

M%K7KO-F
DAH:/DCW@N
C3-L@V%TL8OJ0;K4


M!3L%H0M



$%     @
M-X%W2+
F176D 0  L0

$ABP@=E&TAP!!#NV9EE8289*KDI25_'WXD!4[
)J+
MN+N:F9WEHQC1'&T'X

5ATH;N^P!^W_-&@4=SXU+;.] 5Y'

<?P%TPCW0;!






MSI]L/( .T8%OG]W=4S+X][

$%
M  @ -X%W2.J+'26C 0  L0

M9W@$*8.0;_PV:7ZT#





P$/T5RQ^ T[10MDHC

+\6(YLUV (Y\**GM

Y!RB#D&[]/FI\M _$T/JH_QFF]


&V\.I94.&B7MG2NSK?S+H]G\@DOBYZW\)N;


M=#$S+GAM;(53RV[;
U#<WN  VO]IT2CN


1I3W.Z%%Y$
MU[M08%7)5EXC%&@K4!




@

]0VH?OW]05HLHJV+WAF..?
&5^*?6;Z0 L
M^5R-WO:63OL&#-5!XJ;&QR@=W\:U(I;E^J6F4$#KP-)298FR0^FN.AI683:
MDRX+'*T4/3QI8D:EN/Y[ (G3GF[H4G@6;6=]@94%6WFU4- ;@3W1T.SI_69W
MR#TB %X$3.8L)M[[$?'-)[_K/4V\!9!06:_ W7*!Y#2[G&[[/F5TM//(\7


!X;!9N/W/*RT#@1

MV$%3A\'+XE1N;K.G;S0!282#S-F13G?K5%2J_1TT!/OZ=GE_0L.LQFA_GW
M OFE0!X%\O^-&#&'!;/]IPD[VU
%N@U7QY *Q][&+5VKZ^V\3\.9?
'+8N M
M_.&Z%;TA1[3N9

!-(@67/OD9DM)Y][/FDAHK ]O7:SCE8J)Q6%Y(.LK+3\!

M:&5E=#$U+GAM;(53RV[;



L:-2W/PY@L3I0'.Z
M%%Y%U[M08%7)5EXC%&@K4!


MI7O%Z1O

M(IA7O]FBH+?H1:07G]
!=TB[T@/_I $

!#\%8(?
M$



+O:14ZKE/ZLREFVFU/A/RA;#-HO'4*-I\XHY7I<&)V(&'LUOM/-P$$:]










M$8\+9D


\
Y9\[X
M4HQH/FP'X

5ATH;F^P!^W_-&@4=SXU+;.] 5Y'DI(LS[);
+11H*U 3


?+PN!(;

M:&5E='



_C6?UGG-:[/W(+#RC_B-IU

A


M@41PVJ






MI!JL0S53*%'\/:UQW5,?]:W$^TR(9\(^4*XS:+QUC:_






2YX;6R-ELN.VR 4AE_%\@.
#;[$B1Q+DZFJ=E%I
M-(MV31(26V
;%T@\??MR]20C1-C$0/[S?Z #!^J9T'?68LRCCZ$?V39N.9\V

V48R.*FCH$YBF93*@;HR;6HV]TJ8F%]YW
M(WZE$;L
 Z+_=K@G\S8&L1UXZ\XMEP-)4R=+W+$;\
@Z
D84G[;Q
]CLP%I*

O.S^

O&U;

M1P/ZT-]N5-]9_U.E)LP= $T _!*0:):YC?$45-3,D=L0C)Y8/D5)H(YTC
MC8EE*T^J%M[4UP:LLSJY2J
[C0[




G)]MRZC



M7C0RO1!4_SL 5\






3N$_#






[I3UDLM-N$8B$4


M'%?



MR6[;
!#]%8(?$&IS6ABR@#A!T1X*!#FT9UH:241(C4)25OKWY2(I=F @%W%F
M])89+N6



C2.F%
MG/';HOEAZ8F7\:K^(TSKNC]Q X\H_XK&]J[9A)(&6CY)^X+S3UA&V'G!&J4)
M7U)/QJ):*90H_AY7

R/W9

MZ?DU/8\=YM']/O]:H+@6**) L8Q8W!HQ8HXK9O?)A%WLJ0+=A:MC2(W38..6

E$EKKPV\N

$%     @ -X%W2!1Z4@^E 0  L0
  !D   !X


?X9Y--



MQ0X





MOYS@$:0







P4C03_BR&08
MQ[BS3R?:.B&=.E^)*$X-$HQ'RFEI:%5B
R/?5GMSDXN/8B3AFY;
:U'31U


M*-]$XWK?;$9) RT?I7O!Z1?

4RS5

?]S!L*&D[-SIHWW

8C^DM'M)KSI-EO0\)%

MMY\/0)


MU? #QA)PE)Q$[ZH[(U58J)@).A'')D,XQ!/=M]&VC(A'0GI3-@G(7@TC&_

M4U^T2/$2/8T6]^GK6_HZ)EQ']_WZOL#F5F 3!39CB=E2B1%SFC#;^R;9HDDV

S$N

P$/T5RQ]0 R'-;D20FE95]V&EJ@^[SPX
8-5FJ&U^_?U)=D

D)3B.L




BYX;6R-5

[2W&9CER\RP9 H0]&

M2_F@:-O!JT!R8(R(WWN@?-SB 


G
4AKB^7Q6
M?['5:O<'(B'G]&=;JD:;]3$JH2(#56]\_ I3=9AP:FT7U0
4G$V4S!BY
.-

\.-AHN

)UF'I'(W2!2UF[S#!@OT^M44(;Y&#UV*VPER


S

UG




YQAG3*Y5: Q)LSB.
MUV&-H4K)+6Q53@+*28R<U''8-+8*T\*YDE-G@R:6HW96DR^CFDLIOA<2 8*
MR0Q!Z1!B

X=O]V
M 16.G;F 2@\QL%LA8S.ESY3 /H.

MNP


M
+SG



MIHWRS

4V!\IHJ:T$



FG3=9!4U6

MN5[A0P?C5%:NLRM0BFNKA^XR1:?I\8QM!_P4/]JIXCKC72;/.E+1'T163:O

M

M258D) ^Q?9B9
P/BD(^







$+=)Z/)S9TJ\E
1!5'N
#<9S%<-E0/&LH=H:298%D5B!Y(I'#Q$&8!@\.1@
LC1:

M]7L0Q\)6





MGJLT*4I\MD)7&.(PSQY#;B/J166%8!






2$*[C1Z339U;A1/\Z&%2%WUDV7=O-G!MV8;Q18!&.RU3:F

MA6I:E5)


H#4'YGA[QF

.(!  #6!





MS_B@2
?@12 Y4(K%[P


M#



IK*]-

M:R&&31#P?4TZS)_H0'IYYDA9AX7LLE/ !T;P01=U;8  2((.-[U?%GKLE94%


_YU2%




M=&MA!I^1KH=)^#@@O V(3$!H!$)P*]EK)C7+
 R$( 5@@:MF+KOF[@I%3J'(

M[)'/E 71*J'4*93:D&A!R#!9?.\&LCX&RT&X2B=SZF16)U[0
4R4Y
LZ%HO6




M:&5E=#0P+GAM;(V4VVZ;


)OVF

K


M-

M+VESJGV^&X+*(A6
F;3

J__6_NB.M\M
M^)\\?7PLF_[+]+5,IWB=H?2'YM#=4QJ_WRW^,1O'PSK(0/BWX,_-^^.D[[X
MQZKZWI_\O;M;L+X&7_BGMD^1=Q]O_MX719^I8_X!27]Q]H'OCT/V[7Y7?F/



M*ZG4

^!XR;QVP#)IO'/ !&LPF3=CU!
M&R








 *(
MX










MRY1NI\KB7



5(*_Y@J-P_;C3
M3Q]WMLB2K1WW^

F1_B3RV'8*[(0V]]Q=QX

$
MH#'/[S1@]*!M-S-]Z5\D/]BO[ROTR-?_@502P,$%     @ -X%W2
_JCE5


M@/N3 0(#A&V CP'^IP!/ES)





M+)R:XWO0N!BZD;GN4I%
&. *03Z$$RY)@
;%T-W.(Z28

H5@H+8GS3*%'%1



)PZ7MMC(W5'






J]!Y@SRF8RL)DY1
9^1TV4Y6I11[@7*Y_:@ \H?[4$'
ME/_G'BR\1(6;HF*&J)CVX(-%GW1)O AHY05:+3@4*Y?ZHU

8H02V)&V

M$+0^!-__3$WBOXW=)1WO6!R7[B_-T
?E:' )D(E-&S
@Y$-S?Z3!DS1AK\









4ES$%V-T



M(
4N:TP&0X

(
;LNCIB?V@XE1W

M;S!)ZS)T$VQS_O


%45]8M[43-NH#3TS9\0IL]PEIB%-]K.HB;=J##'QA[U9VO

MP%






U698LXJR]
MG+7C)#

L
:Y5W=#N5$:;QL
2#D1XT'PMSZ=J('E-RQ_MIQ
M^TF(EWUHA/VAL OEW0MN=X\BO;MG

U.-W%Q6]02P
$%     @





Q&G)5!#([.@3UL7JPZE]@-HHH@4C1)]'
MB$T1D2DBS^/
6A-:BB
)@G5GUU6HS(K3HSBQ(!#L'$R@V
T!$4QDOI&8L5(
M4(P$
*AC5HRFB G*G.B*PH*8J2Z@Q9A.T!(]F )+9+ZAN)E2)#*3*8D
@Q
M(49#BKL;Q2*T(N4H4@Y(L0/):$A$TC!/74BS
$SS

GO(Q4H4@%(B6/W%K U


MIGS!
Z !&UO%J5U5SZE6:;0 ![<ZFBQ9Z63!2M]H#$KPH:GHV7C0S=;D;?EY




5
P/D#BGG]?0LWN(N\-[$A
MCW9?K:57^M+T_[LCL;TP:^Z.G6/JV/?GQ^BJ'LYFKKHPN9L3L-_#DU;%_UP



#



6


P1Z!E
M



%@Y2C*?;7B\H<^O%K

MZ_OTS6]02P






G

C[?4ZK [M\QGK

$%     @ -X%W2 O)
=X2 P  BPP  !D


MZ2I^-8EN-

MO*=0*KN%;*TF=64X389T0^BTK'RE.;T*MLD#O/B,,!)9G! PSA: ;'R5B6

M^QPH\P)E 

E
MPM0W2S9:1Z_@^/!GKV5P]8 $8VR!4Z(_=Z
P9S9
Z/XD?9
M':NV#YZDTB^4]KWO(*42.@^*DC XZ2^#\:(6!V5.




];VCO

MLA@N]TE[
KU397$LDR0NPJ





MWI.[-2U'B$7\;
1978R#
?@G*9_'R??M


MW\'FI+3L)I

&.F#.
M 8NA0$L7J

(G@(S..USY(K9?


(Q(/RN$ )A
1[\8,/^Z97P9/4ID.P%_F=
ME%J8P.)%%@8'T[G-DU;L]#AD9CRX7L9-M#Q.K=G<']9_ 5!+ P04      W

ME]MRFS 0AE^%X3Z Q







M)$YJQ4D!!SEPC.8A3C)B72B3JC*RA'R-DEE1

MD@.*8S

M8S=$!(Y($A=





M4A&DIM.T/4RJ^K ].XD34&W


MSU25/;


M\@R?]K R$(OXW9%1WLV!?[ ^;M9_#SMDLS$0@Y*B.!]7 C+X12HZ2=_WK1
M3T]#O)]/ZM]MNCK\ Y;DA=

MPHAH9:!CDSIMJRELXDU]:\KMIDYO1N@!XXA[AX$S(M7J00N4A.C(6VR7!?)'


+BYCJ3Z!-A$_X_$)W.'

(JIOH.E!?PZV63WEWBC(B+[542
M'/FU5^X.GW?G?OB
&ULC539CILP%/T5BP\8

L

MT#NC@]P&G5+C)@QEW0$C\HF/




M(5[/S^K?;+4Z_9Y(J#C]W1]4I\-& 3I 0XY4O?+I._@25D:PYE3:-ZJ/4G%V


Q






M970U-RYX;6R-E$MSFS 4A?^*AGTC\3*-!S
3D^FTB\YDLFC7LKD8321$)-FD


M4&.'ZH#UH( V7B0X3@A984%9'U6EGWM252F/AK


6I6L59B4_.
MZ(I)/+
-3'*;J .1QC.;8#%%,EUBC#YD'A]_#G]V"]-LB03J5D5^'[#U3
(!ACNA

I;EJO+


;DZJ+*YE%N:%?]5!#YK(:'96$XX*7Z5/+A%Y4_;(
MV*/Y!2JKB/]CA?AQ!3NYC2U@'O\[('D



29'


M_.A@TE=SY+R?I'QUBV_5'E-G 3B4QBDP.YRA 
Z=D$W\:]:\I'3$Z_FB_L57

MQRGLI'2FW2?$

$14 D

M#KDZ( &J\1=7HU*.O0G-6Z/KVSC$[H#?Q8_VS80K?I')LX$U\)VIINLU.DEC


M;6R-5-MNVR 8?A7$ Q1





?HW3=BU
MR2*;L10W%?_%UA

MX=KE+-6+[@$










M=7\/1^1J4RU_3I.KNZS.F^3]=M-LX##!#.W7/M79BA;V=']=K6
QL\1J UNI
MN+Z(/O.AAIN@!@K%0?._;HL') .'@R70Q78-!P76E\


 & !FA(X/3?Y #N*FGX%CD:#0%'=?(E6V\!2[,A<\&+Y=LN[FKZN+?\E6:

_GC$WX


9


:;KC^4^8KOLF__I@C4-WSI<S,X7_W]Z5




MYL8]







MAEAI\[WYO__V?RGBDA\ --C%EW7^V*3TRQ^+^K98XV\?JVH#F
]K($\$(+FJ

MZ^UU\B_5_?46=DM^NH-]IE'DV1: B)&G%C[XP:NJK.ZSY.H!


L3YL[!&24P4:HD0$E*
MT/-O&G?^[[(OL


M!:I!@T+($U


7Y/QCO1@HVHUUFNEE5#:A#;G^#UE6?K-77V
M#L!\

MY^+4CU7]


MGQ



U&%


)M
Y)'6Q0



(/.


6U#JUFN

M[ W%;]1;9
L(YD



MUBIB$'%;H'YZ=(T_*.)1% .LJ4+PW;08=:MB&^IQS



Y4FBKAID!/[?N'_$EU?*NP$VH ?B]@U=
59/@BF^
M X ]PP^]X#$\5D?4D.D(5\P5%F/!:R2WUOGM=IW5)+M_*?)'$K?=R* *8'P^

MDR(*\'F/=Y#):W-G+5W'S8D:





'TKS<%FLR4D\69&1LS(^H-Y8:



P#F8UW :E:8DV??1/ )
M







6


A

EFNT)WAQ^=
MG7/ZY?%X^N)$



EL4*'AUB \PP






8AY_7&A@=B)!X6 VO0
MJ4_0MGT R^Y*T:U1R

58*N

M&18U8K



&]/DJ PP.^U

$(39\/$'%2$D=!4*--3)&4/0'--3!0#*'NJ*9UF9



R7]X^R U

M0)'#E5U[PI@+!=[0;#DI

TCVM C!LU=46$!LHT7
MB;6MT1+&+_@6L*TU:UO
SW?VP=+'K


;7
L;U';I2M1OC1RE@?F7D^0CQ\YA8):E9_TN
M-!
+V:*
 -MM



M;J9EE!XDK[@:S&'K2/X.ZS#[UZ$)#]TZ-@_K+1L'W


(55%62'



MMW+&+4/HE;34.@4!T('!+?.-HTG'.*K
TIEZO5R2*V1D60WW_\L*_I

MA /9

M_9I?T2M#[

R*%E2&ABL(C!(%XX:3 IQE2U66VM=P
MG1(;Z+\_]D:6R/X*=FBCL+_2Z.!Z4(KX2$24#C#1$3CGDR36C/_;%RQMWU^


MZ#81M5Y*RX N=AGCGSZJ6QR%
H\6![62@#OVU(S4%NY_Y2&KBF
MQED#]6I7$:A' FHYM-$;@EY;2G

7

M]






\Z89S$EQ5H.:A&S


M8%X^/.HPVS56) %:=/AYK?ENF&)/F+;9FWR7\8%4&;7.-W7E!PK5;)Z3NKGP
MY:E8)CSQ*K




D0+*XL.+@/




UG6%7W)DXN8;D7+P
MB\_#P-4!I^I0&J#2IXVA279C*TUV$FF8&L@I07!6KWE!NGB&SU:+V9:R7F
K
M



OI-E
3AMMKRX<(G::6#V:DJ!0LFECV @V6=3C9%5;;S5?10FS4_C(



MC
M(^.!N;P]KP!V%WGS
'H%W^Z&&'VRHX5$R32?S*:GS1\DDG2Q(M3=O-([K


M
&ZKE2*2^!1KW)5)E8<\OVHN=[XPH[ Z6<
MS9DV;=GE9#PF7F_:]93'XX4P==@4_MO5B$Z]PLTIR2GMUX

M0=6 +QI:W9^HOV'G3)BF;_/Q!^;O6I3AN9G5IIM9W:W%C[D&'^+=2U]A8:_#


CYS8FK6HX=SS3A#S


M\Q




JD]#.

M5O%(CMXOA;S&O('8PFQPAGS!52I:O#@)R#GPU[0.O;^V*RP?S':F;FT'$Z*]


MLG'Q@B:7B?&5IG5*-C:]Q(Y




R6
M


MAD;@YVQ0TC;
MC%*M C92#F9#+XV XZJ_B!I+_-)NMTB6G;&):TIT)\QS-)JR$:45%YA(?%HB

M2*;G4@%053L
) ?@;3
!QQE)E*





MH


LVL=O%
MUG?
H:3^DCSANI&^[VOZF7R]7W_? ##Y/__F0=QOO_G=\=E)LGN8Y-W.QK;F


('*#@OD\Z+$87D?Z4



BU^]C7-\6 TY%++@_'
T[QX
M];_U]XT&Y&@\G\!5F=1D

'
M5'/?=2[JC*^KC:S.:%4S-3O8!J

M(=9#[XZ\V76ND_YSG5HV)=7Z1-/KW//._8NU:?!J\SJFTKNFQX8B)WW\K)--

M)/MFMRR$M5EF8+1T!EE%UX:)RO+_NWNZ$Z[43 @AN

HLJ#=

PO=M
:]FEDNAFJ/S!3M8AJ!3C8CWT/-!7+4(

HNOG4MYL



MMJI0I+P0EZ_Q:\:JST_J0
$Q&Z TD]G6+2!@$B^P:98I%;OD5D
%-E)N]?WN
M[\1@CP&G?/ ]O$BGHU&DHE:JQCWN&I^)

)$S

SZE.@0%E&BP1XM#*


_GU$J


OEJ])C%&2U;TAZM#\^*U582J I$ =VNHR

M2$!DG::R%=)]O!%LXBSVVC%Q]ISVQ%^U/4H\=/.PIBJ^6!2B;O+6M_S)8@0?





DYX/#P=H.IA/=@)$2FG'\<_[_=XK5*IE:#M)42X?JKH)
28<1Z
MVMMR.:!'@P$H*U?*#D1$8QXGB8P#3[[5FM[T/BK]F+Z^Q4P;TYU#\I'P[^:7

1^K&C)GKA*93^_)P
%^\@
^CP7P*\P\'9S W[.1-

M?7:6CD;C/B$]VD [UE#]




M)PO8OBFF*P]&Y^8'D1E4

MU



AG4Z;WT6 \V3WS# 0YN

?

M(G%.X\%\Q)QTF(SF
Z(/_#@Z

]+G356ESTH=/OO
MGA!KXI&=WY00NVA'=O:DOP)2-=?X0

M_R(RGP\7@#5)1MS0C6Z%B;N/5(_$H&DG9

6
MP.V



]O$#E3(
^2*R&=GX\.D.)1U^5W0

C_PZ

MK@%V_V\'UN8;C5H=M?NRH4W7:HZ9=JX&]IM\97OF4&EBMF_9)M[4?9*:1P./




M196ZFFV#H[(5




MFH0A9&G0 M[K_U[Y'=ZIU[:KJ4_=WZE'@/'[!DC[)+\^7=#_Y
+K/%&Y3C_I




EQ8PW/%1\G*P%VV-Q

UK0WA
M)]FYA[MUW;VPNQ&[$A8B%2#9BO


M;!+M;.9EYDW.PD38!2O2W/:F;P/PGI#B
D;H(-FF-IZ4#^N,PEX6Z
]T4H
Y'7^=8-R[ 11/B0/M' O)5EL=L5F%DBH1G
MB@:B^D@0(XYE888]8)V(MJA$A
6VY/\&1BLJ!UE! 5K


7O2SJJTRVU@B=(HOX0$

M


M;(^VEBRH!A8ZY+GS(IQN:8^^IGS8G*QK01L_:9'=.#-#V OO/OO91;#:1LC6
M]\B6.9*JC83!5;4KU$PH5.T*;PJQ*&BK/K_[H&3*DA2\Z7TI-'8$=B;CMW\L


'=9/&$I%TUNQ!G
M4Q3L$S?

MIW/2+K0;S$?;#:;]R

\%AJA17M/F.MD9F7$(%%

M9]WOF!JZK%-_2+^'X'6VHM)QGL3BZ@GS3JLCCQT\C1QD:^OS$*'U)MTP+!B%
M:R4)0H0!M;&N)=5XS:'



MU(1]QX2FIR_856I

M-;8X(\G1110@KKC,DV^7HL(14\?-R?:,5K8A/S 9$=@GB_7O&X-S*HE5%!
M*C(W:VSM0



Q5/_H=!F^
MT%4 #&Y
T[^M(
J5F#C14?HT/N,)Q#[T 2US/S.]*V+&8^LV&0^:.D@38B
Y#L3.Q3\&BFE6X/2'W(-UMKS&K\YKT?J?_[:Y6OG+0N9=6I)DO

R7\))U%W_RMYX2T(
MZ35)



J'



TJI6:5]9R'H[HFDN*=

M+P2_4)OGF=




3HZW



S.
M0LIK:-J:

M'6MT1.2.MP@B Z!^TCDGO_SM




MW JZ+ZV'?3:JC8ICU][?F-
.78N+U?%.22FWJ!%G1(@P3P#Q
M?






ZDLDOZ=HPH5%T)\4-V:G



WN;6Z!J
?[I&)

L. +K*&D
MU(IC/4G7B$CD?Q?A:ZN2C]18UE)6D8=.3EO0R%TJ6R++^6BG::$)N K7^M






MU S\18J@AT ')LS

M-34




MVFD/A#WIA_VYH=MW5&/


JP#&YQ_3(/2(C1 6DSP_$GG^JJ%';]'2X2(XOKC[KAY/46N+H



A?;6X N&8VUH8R$

5%7?
M9J48[1NM:?A1JTE3P3LJTU-0M1FW35KJC





R42I;+AE




3CT.

_2135






[B\#D'3* )C_GY0!V+4['SR'
MX2MU&#J:/0CG_^TT_2_K-'UK V8/.:KVZ8.VW8U=-&++-WXAHD0+$1U3XO=I




M6[4SX32=G8VC1-






M9

AY0/VG@I*VS&=$C_AQ=&:.9O+G
87A6
Z

M+E(
SKB7YO(AUK[][T&@)*O_?[UG_$$ZDVT^ZG649W/H07C^[\ZI!W5.W;4#


&T9$
MF1]V7FK<$//+'@AWZWCL7MR.)6'D5Q];[6,O_=PL/7J
..=45X][*9WM+X8
MKYWX\WK$4JVM0S?OT$$CIZ@;Q=4^+?U17H=L(
==_6

MKG%42Y5G


MYA_^ ?7BW8+U=577;%-T;7V[U;#;8YQ'%;B](^?K@BFWZ(DL_MT\JIZ! %JM

X6 ZZTS4



%U
08Y

NS7:T[#/G]JWOUU(D?#NC!#TB

M.@'PT2%V) P\1PU_CYE]HB%
(ZH9M\XD.ZW4Y_8+_T2%GO#B;!=6$@=-JQEZ
M/&9]0Z5XBF71)\





8/':7!W:\]1G?1C[%]!R46Q6T*G+TE
M;520[^P=IZ:H8KRY2

9MWC/#H;3$:=;_=N=4BLST]7.TC2
M#-+!8HQA=U98=X

_D@OFN1%'KE8$B0:I;7O

MB7F74A#)

(







*I\W3'Q[]XZQ8[4'\ZQO*:80L+1^
M-Z




M[IXH&E:QIRI+_X9JFOP'C

M             ( !*0
@4  &1O
M8U!R;W!S+V%P<YX;6Q02P$% ,4      W@7=(0LRY_3X!  !I P  $0


!=TCM\+^%+P,
M (-   8                98A  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-YX
M;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ -X%W2$&6
MH-^!   E1<  !@              ( !JBD  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='




4      W@7=(QUXE(Z0!  Q P  &0              @ &=-P


M
3

  !D







  !D              ( !X4   'AL+W=O


!=T@5G<?.HP$  +$#   9                95$

M% 



C4N

  !D              ( !




I@$  +$#   9



M:&5E='


P+GAM;%!+




M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      W@7=(L)\5!R8#   M#@  &0



M+W-H965T





IU@$  -D$


M4$L! A0#%     @ -X%W2$AT:S#B 0  U@0  !D              ( !+FP



M=#


M-X%W2

M='







4

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ -X%W

O






M2P$% ,4      W@7=('Y$OJ\X!  #1!   &0              @ 'QH@








M%     @ -X%W2*_&
=7F:0  8)0! !0              ( !**T  'AL+W-H


  $ 7 0    $!
end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-16-008215-xbrl.zip

#$U
3(S
2YX


M3





M:F;^=


\T]9A


MZ!PV(E
+D:F?GUO$.T%;?+?P@?6O2FR6YMUHF[+:IA&=.HA.;;7.*M'Y8MKF
M/)B?AM@\:/:4)44D
;]&/$J+A_;CM


M?G.=8/'9TD]#!AZ8!4)@W(


WX(9W=J&
M^60:@6:EPBWY
.J_VIN:8VMHBAR9%3?#YQ 4Q5WWQV[DN2NXQ_MC%+M?G73OS0SN9


MQ[I

M\




M\XRNBVE9IY]LLU.XL56UWYEL?H4QP=7'X \R(N7=K&C?G$?@]LPV7&MYD3

IM1S):AON'5KDU.RUG0]PT\'G'!9^W'_;]NLVSZRG.*DBXL3VF3
MNDVU]E%4:^^TO*= E^4&#*0.H _UX=L(CJ]D3KL#$?#_BN1H5J59Y^R/+TV
MP:I'I6[-)2K'T6D



VWF

1[$-VX#Y^P?Z3S4S=8B=2
M$E5*:I-3;T2G;
(J[P70F/FT7&7RY149^/K=T6POS*_6M!](F&MCU.LGS-G7
M.G^:[M2T3L2

M)WYUDK[4 _=;NW(L[36O?XH)KTL'AW;F6N/\W];IU*NZK-Q+$Z]+%AIL

M:N:G*@YQ:%ZU'4'SJD?=/%I



'\Y:[ .9


M%=J5V+0;=='(0*




NQ&A[.@QC-'N1='C=G_[
MK&NIJ^]=6+T'H/DT!.\5Y8J6(?!/S341#0X7.JG4^M_X  ]?H& ?IV_^AV


Y8$?LXT+W#9KZ;G]#KJQ?L_'J_ER^17R2'P;3GO]_!(YN4.









MOC-?I7KB7
$@!'
_*)9IL[
9










2(

LF.Z;3\QZ.8]6
KK26'4Y




MZ&EE^:E=[E2G=;

$
MC%QZMEBO9. /VQMCI#4_V4&:F@GL'W8O'
SF



MX4OW8M#KG2)7DLV2U_.AK8X&W6-E1.%F4@48T5


MI1H@/FH6\Q[8$[



TZE5HGM=7N5MBM:AM:

M
6@W=OT8UJF[22O@UV75M](\JV\D:J&#FGKO58:UUSM6YZ59[-*+W=^HQT93



M:%.7



M;.I
2K+S ;]R&2PJXV/Z\'M/X^N&BS-F#*CD&5HP/JZ^YB6$)+3PYT0+-C6%



M;$*L? &5CTJ$ZVR0/9+DN6

MO6M^)_$6_98[YRJV


MG(; Q3'!VYS)UQ9#VKTP;(^^#29



M%5-X]/'HO-_]J96MXA(:CHB06@Y




M.S3N3R_N3YZ&C3SE

M0V0$?L/+/KH?W;O\O*;\
K75.T1&Q?'DAWUS?
VJAP@VF4'5E\2=0F:0Y2^U
M4\B$4$GCK#SJ
V8$%KN;T


-W$0#-W%*UST-W$2SHENL: 

DZ-7 3M9._8[GV



**YC^Y

OL6DZLGW.OFCDGG[BFDG=0&Z9C_$G%K/M:V669






M_1=_?]FQ5SO[RV

Q&?
M6&


T]Y0_[S2%B9L!X5+





MR'M


-4FI9I-1]+?II0Z5&E-0?

M1;O63U=UT4\' $Y]395NG4$CDYM 848AA4;=9;/IXJ)_'*)5&^N)-SOO%9X$

MA'Z%





5'O]#0F3



QQA[B97+C-
O]0A

M$9A9E7(ZS




[)SWFG40%Q.1V=J6\@I_EV8
MD7V*
#2





MX-%_N;4]WPUXR6_DWG&UMJH/67:J?8%@@SH:E$E]J6 :=6'=RK;.!5C74SN#
M

Y+
L*=V O(&^=_NFP3-JA


8#%EA$TP!!OC&?V.^!;;C
M^#9S @^\KMTODNAK22A_QJ7G
=^3L9\_;-

M 
N.S*;XYC-
V?\@6J/]AU

MM^B4VE+;FQPAFGACG5=TV



MA#U7#I6:Z7@_JMS:RKWK3%WFE;6LY8DNGX&QXN*DOL/OR1A=;&+N=\NUVB[)








\L'



MU6EXRMS1JB9KMV;_HK^/:94M! =-UMV


MV3?F#WEVHT_! *B5B

''G*)SKQ*G$( .+T.!3FO5SW
M9
 C[/?RJ
)$C6*X!

O0P1=VWF
MYX5ORRW,$9=S'KI^=M#;Y.A3QZ++7)KVJ]4%XKFR<-P-*L@J86QUI;MU&'Q?
M)J%?80R@-B:AYA[V5\<^T[?:,$W9S/[+9D:[QD;+$/1==*G8]/X\LZWWO6OJ
MA=(\5V0LWC,W)[^N?]X=IIIMTX;D2(SIIX=V8'X47MB-I81/?HP0=Z0&_]9
M+94&




U
M

PV_$4M3U1NJP



M#CKJ&BIC(VY-7NE*CFYYXBBC?/F7X XMR

@(LG-M6H%?N.J^0-5Z5^U=#-48
M/


U




M7!9:49L_S+Z+:PG?&6S;P8:

AP.X!X08B<D=E)[P&[Z_-'K.9: 5;
6;.8%EX*]0&




MQ?Y18?
[+D
Q0K\6=1V7# 
G!!.FO45DX

:K6.F^5663:]A&BAN1
)
@YVL


M: %1B4AQ&6\&!C2G2!+* (4XS.XDBPU?OA#0&-B/(0SK.L%TQJEQV1R?!R=$

X_%D(Y

)))
.%CI8P\TF5S94U+ES:F
(C#G:3 V%Z
M-GV^@H''



MQ7E+IG#O]92OA+&]_=8_1H6^&\'







_QCP#_&'8BI:B(W%D[7K4A#S%VB3/+#.3
M0^0IE[7D8/T8*-FEA$(( Z, (B%@1SS3XT@;?9X*JW

_#


#&!&Q(S
M41X8[.!8$;%.[63$7!O1RX21R.(Z




/*3X?8(A=T




M'XHT!) N
&[D^E/

M

FWB
[!6&J'#(*80

M!!A'AB!D?TN!-PN0-UBX




MNBP)M






M :J


(L%[V P?]_[9_WAO$SF
B;DQRP\/$





#XBJ[



!Z



M?.NJ-4W_7=
MT'HXCO1B'G2H?WLHM\Y$/XYY]X+\(JUE;M=--+FQAC Q+*
E-M=X9E2+B3


MFSPZ?F
V0H!=VL:E

MU_W/ PL;'E^&R9!?Z+)C]7Y(26')63PR4JOP\R]4 !.)325B

MPLHN?F^8\G9*$#8S%POX^G?P!L4CWS!U% ^B9

M9 



I4


M A /&UY+ 6)[2HC;Q4?[%_/BPV6_;7G4^V!LF?J-Y6@Y@9CVX*S;7JDF!O S

M=9]]1FB'6S!L]A0K@/C//_T0\5'TF)]-R]IXUNW.*



:F
M1; 

M9&=[)-Z^



M.*Y[%BZ


4P

JW%YHX#.IETADH0%WJ9+(K\G+.MD4B



MQK9RQ9\
/&+9\T9T53ZIK;9LZIR-!=!;S4JN*T?=^:;]8!Y:B U]EW7R7F4
MTCA&2!5X0 9X[N8RG;-^'_?VJ(*\UIP+[
:LPI'+I4POQDANYM.::X/TG4U

RF 7&D=58^:

$
M-;W!!W@+&-ISY6?LKR4_OO@@.F_)#X8??N$-FK$SGCO5;



VWF$1

(-5R%M33$U8KF&BZSUO2




ME.-HD5;
4HT&:#TJ:ZC2Z:UXW5:*FF@9#2Y&94W*#HA)[7?E-UAS4$0?7?;L

1.#VS0&%P\M863&HPB59R1$X:9,'XF
M0T43Q\'U=UP<V0L6S!4A'O_3!M#1K!BP0+QG9DR=0)WCL<&^KTB(E5_(%*=


%_PV/]
\Q.7'FIVD'^$M% RTH\K)UYMKGRB


Z&L\QX'Z/AA_%U\9450WH3E:P3@?MZ]%]@[P;.%=N'#Z%
M%Z:YH


A ZDB@31S&]V+2)





7^!ATC*-*K3I^C'V)8JCXQ#%3579







MLK0_&;UH8IV[%
+NQ2%CG1OIRCW)WC=
5:Z'\#7ATA4J8M0YL6!IG8\KRP$

X?B]6(# _VEI 9X1*=-1IX5(
M%U' \5*9


M\ '

DXDPY5R[7I#*E2VLPM9]R




739Q\73E@NJ#'C83.=L)*H/BR
MS+D%440!D@=))D%8VRA!9_.N(_O



74-MIC?^'Q^XFGT2Q
P8B(=-L0
M-$A$3+7)A.E^J&!6







7^%D4OP-C2S^U\ NY&(CC!5R4F''XVF7V
M$$]0S/#CT(&*[%4XN5;X9UBR@UP/C5^XFCGWKK


5W&GP16R$+.;!)0/W#M
MR


MS(
KJG(Z[8.IY0$(1 \5Z@C,O@%%%1 =

'K
MP+2R



GMP0+5^-M.O\WS6S)R:Y+=)'E6
26&41VS


M()9%%M&PIJZM/%G=;A&RSI6O#H?'Y1D0$LHF^6;RG
EE%H5\8?-&9I+[BY/)

C#I%X42B)DN8&WB[G*(M
;+0.L9ZPKN&C0

MM0E79)]P[4DS.?:U
)F&Q_7QO-;$MR!XT0(Y.MX2W)97A4'7'(?V+Z/J_=
F18#ZQ:56XW49YNV+*<@E/I<DV4?:8\P:


M-9(C;9W\








Q(F+QD:XQT#&5WR1U1 Z=@*(.Y&.

:@K3'5()XW@
!PGJ^X')PU
M1'!+D^#&\ 40[TPS*:3=5/J-9E'QD+GP.7K9L^_FSQBO+9)M6M.C6/6K^?

=YA\1K 5_NVG'7G2N4+)U^#X..V9I8T=0VHJ/
MZ@6+A65*QF04)[=$;CB1&T&147KZF3.)$8A79 8NNJBV=H2UDX\(O)ESY2J6

87PW:Z;\?$RSY1VC99H9CP
(FTA
ITB 1*L160-P6(Z[_1J'

0Y VE5X

M')%4+QC
-78B15^:3W'5*!_A!]?P&33__

+J:-TSK\UD8 NF_:CT9K


MM25&\X2#

;9@(8+-


M


M-8=

MA




A9&^
M92Q[PQXE#ZS)!4BG#EP:I*$\41+1%+8WJ0-E[]R_G$;J0&PG*+052LVJP)ZV

!$93XA8/8FKR(YSD S&)/
&/
\H]F

VA@?M*CWADBA0UKM1LDRT9]%TV9.@WUS;-_


M6[@KI&5M0? 9CRUG.$)AB.$$. ()T'P@:]YL@-'&=[RK+-,_BZ) K[7Y=P,
M 3ASNUX0QB@N9SCI


MJKZ+X








G-?5%C/TKJW?O3#C?L)]'XOI)/='.2/9V)


:?
P-L?SK:?W7.:8S]DCY^?+Q#_F/7UJ*!.V@




IH2;.GS$!:NZ


MDR7NU F/.P3+%EQA/TQ^PZ;Y=#5)I:T4G4;#A\1S 5EJLY]+T]T!,&-RB,H
M\CY)Q$VBF'JT6



MT:GO
5J7

3:+=X!<_%BZ'5%GU+&

MT5O1&S;)D4?ER!U74R*;GB=T!60-WH3Q_&Q:5Q





RR1W$%(NI8$%

MC\$^Y1-/A %/_*M)%/K[B[LD_Y*?O7+8=WKW?XE%_Q(0^='B_ /O@/M9?
G0


M\




4HL*\F$VO

!E.K?9E
_XZWKP%^TVQG(29MYA9/16^H@V&X/JT&*V[*RJC24*U)XEJHCW3X(,+N.
M=%L:/_,VU#<XS]7DE$9&7HRC ';2U$#=0


M:H?1R?#G]HJK/7B:O;%\YF



MQTZ$CS8^=KM7]F

M4%9:
5E](5MQ7JE4Y+GWFGC%AW3/R]G4:W@I&P:N8@.GTQXV=I85I^AT]79?




\
M[MX8P/X/GIG4*ORXE\X

MR
AF-VQJ4$



M+J5MZT3$75*R
.)47


MY/0J4@2R+Z[3SA
Z+:.JT&%^^%@=SA#



]X]H0.5
M9ZQOVY

MGI




RH9*G^N^U<
=SGQ7.#%%LR!1%7VE[N[^=#
YPE[_7$$4U4@^E!P:]6(-
:L#
M1ZYK'\%
]&8_(ZNR2(W^+=U31K54I5;0]R/P+UQOPBRJG$:N4=/@*AHL
M


M_B]^%\0-6B!6#HGK')Y4Z#2'M8V2)WIK[%9!L-0ADO*]G5XW[_[3M?38]8J:

KR+4 *1=J

ABS*/0J?V.KXIJU]5JM


=!






6BD+?T
M#(^[#;U?Q2[0]4
LSUC2/3IU]D]S!US75]TY*E6\J3+8HS6*:Q3OC]_@3 I]

EOJKATF#Q*@?






'@;
MWO1=
/2QTVWTA^UL\+




MWUW^N'CW16^V6G_[94=P$J=:\9TL0=8EROV6HBB++VZ$PP)W+,I[/'U)?K(
MM?&OSIY

M\#$W\.




M0A5Q@SC9JWKO+96'9]_ZU;%L


P4KSQHJ
X15PN:):5JX@F%?&Y9YZ9P:
PN8?DFAO6&!83G


+^I9'(S
M-H9-?G=M6
8&
&\ C+14^MURT!6^0*6K7-*M9J^?@56T^8&J@$



M\\)CJ
HP#Q288O2)5JN?%Q-:=J#R8S U VKI_;Q$86DQN/[MK*.VP1Y0M9L/


M57EJG=YQXJI3@U+883:*


M/]L[V_$=1Q+
/W'

MM PTEXY^/-0S1



/]\#*HWM



'2&M


M[K^YOG\*B[Q



MJ^&D2(U

))
M8T0DH.ATDWLW& G2+:T-[8YK?0L7D_'%Y8#_-(_9=/(O'_X;GA[)L]WL#3

\H_B











6MH59I'A9(HHDU-O K%%A%O[5K6V.P;NX RJ]VO_SE_^V@\\S



Z1HE:1(J:I



9U]_B^]
MWWJ+])P\^UK**\?;P1\L_.&$OR%+D5:E7I
ZQF\^T]R)=@XT.L4RU52'JNR+

^ 2

M?M&




MCND30I


HK

MZ(/OV[T._J.!SW;&_/LERK12ZW^E$'].:V,^G,I#!BK]A5DP%!CV291\:P

M/T$]42PU\;6F]@?*WOO0-CQ@=V!S6^R) Q%ZL=7_'1H@Q\EN!*;]P$6NU$L2




MC$?UK[BBP8-@KQ-H+=!K@9Y.3)Y51J!?QQV
*D!
_[IA-CV9


M



0X$3-:GTB#L5^'
MH:6 N44!^;SBOK=$G!@P@)%



+?'8915\-[:=#UXV6)-(9ERI\Z\&O;

CA^0:63BB434

U?4Y(4SY*;OV[T63^5=DD9


O'.@







8'@EA)3@K3





M%)5A8-DRMPI%;[QS3M13!D 4P13\SH3Q\&/RWY9S- )]QM0F'M$4AX%G2S5X





Y$)C

MTR,GO,8RLIJ+G*. PI$,9V(9(&,LM#9S;N7%=\K$

MB\%U?I
F;QX:(U%8(W2$69Q






X
M=(6&
G0S0@L5+#Y91N-0S@_9-.*[!L;DQM(^ VX\!5YYB]
:'UR;QCF(].$G

ORF/

:P?
MH@7XV



M4QF

W$-V[GJ_:O]U

M
%C5ZVCIC6&_4\QU9
0'GAZL@*WC CG@7^CYQHUYZ


G


8=;N(8
NN)WPP
MFSWB;'B(3I]E?(4:L99!L;YHS*

.U

WWMJPO_3_N(_4@_884!YJ_1
M]U0#5]KO3^%56B\@% !8HJ!MG0(6=T=GP]K\*1!]2JD)/E%H!F?)E'^$IY

^F1AJ
QQL)USL'/6\


M%'%6267
700F^VHO;Z-*T+PF:LC^4+
9H^3EK^A?/+H=/[@V\X^^ Y7!]_E[



KOZI%7%-+MALAL:;]U6&V0[2Z-+:E_L
VY
K&CH#7I)




*?3RVQ3SOI; O -





%LU05Z5N?^C6

M7PL162-:%0TUBVQ




1M-ZVE9KJ0P4Q?]$DHM8GY3&J)W:I[AY'3\ZB_J

OIL?(
M;8H7N2F-D

MOZ'R*A/?\A



M[N&OSY^Y!Y?Z60)T2&FF99*G$BF7TNXN'R;&^C)9M? ;X0A++-V7K6A2)#
MQ


M\6LQ8+R.^*X#B?]OLPV;KN:]RGN#/X0\Y/[HVC2
[1LF6B-SI$D !&FHL&IM
M]%C?'D*O'+!L'[DF
R1%1F\HX2$UCJ2G1?OF&ERY%L+E13L!-5&XF-&
N_Y^





*0B2X-BTU;P-OLM


MT RL&L8_2.W
FQTXP\?A![25%V@22/6?[A
HEL)3F]A(Y1-29W(U;H6B[_[8
MLT9X
1X,D[QY=D B 9_.)V0EF=



\CQB82@B(IO4ZU.G4]G&)WIP3G6X








M^348FF_ST?/8


M8G/\BC\G4@)9&ARM3'U.S7 L4KG@\[!

























1CSB+0C[+1L00/.O'Q*CG


9
MB:&%V!*;0
R*&@AIH2S;(\7IT.P#9C U M/AB0HTI-41(
M/,GZ98\\T?*/NQ?X( CT'RY0#&Z1+[$;TWM%O;P*!_B17NQF$WGET

MDN=B)4)[E5Y373N=9?%DOWPEOG^J


'^K[W/X^AWB?



MPQ6DR&+HJ=7L#S\ GO1F/R.KLDB-_BW=TZ#







MX79X&S5\!/8N[!Q-DW]^ U=YA:+I;N+?4-;WL72\:C\H4TIT_:1Q?(/4:19
M(6VOT%BG*,FM('Y*(&L*NJ+FH',X]Y/+ZC8P0X -=F;
[FD'XN02 6?3T'3
MT7!JO9[:&


YT:G.FED;E0DTES)FYB





5.]__#78F@O

LT!!OQ




&


M54'3#P0MS:7=8


M4\5K^JF9V];



M:IC5RKNK7GE7*H?JE_WSIQOEJWV:G)/T
MHC2(GM @^OO0(-Y234F_5=6U+=T2]UF*ZUKIM)752G+\\=#ZM87?&6GN%Q











Z:N




M\Y!Z%E5)^RWOGM'324,@[?A3=\%0Q]Y144V^-D%D-(,T*[2(RSOC5JRHN:

 UN
MS/F@6J8%KC8+O?&#X=



MR*6XZVPW!VG=QZ6_S'[W0V&
Y(*-O-#P7E!7ZV?%1;9U(I;.MW!PG38.S[]0


?OUS/+'MNN''KN:








MLLUEXPLJZ/GH#/G4H!S/4O+;_&Z


MV2&.%[UE8YSE:3'__'ELAR8ST3A!HRD
2#\!* P/)POYU\PCH^D0;)H+



?!

MD&_Y5%G
3:OXS%/X76U8U6


M



&RT


M]6V7\;:7

G

M+-8T:^=8/U


M3^$?'E6KQJRJ$_]J$K.DP-:P^!]WWRGF6QL@4'@H[+]I=?_Q$MY!
KIMNK


_
#@
M)O[
L^#+
TQN
FR

]+\)I[YS@A?,5#8GY
M :_2P]Z[-$27X.5ITR;V:&O]9J#W@?MXSCT/,F_:(-/WS2_'#T+S8.\*.&



/7


M!1DLW#%CIH]PT JB4_GY







SV)?.B9[

U7

%

ML3'P$
W09I[[:/EH$D\ $/8\9KY/GW!'OFNS( [IB!SPZ$8W/ LVQ49*L%D$
M
U,[[N1PJ/H=MB_GTYXD=HOB$0_C1Z 0;<'<!-^%Z/FQK

MH+AG#A5KB_N$#YJ6&(
-F\#)/6WX6E@,M+X 3Z)-^J'=D KHV/.CHW.-LQ'
MHR0%*!5#/BX1!%\ [%)$1 Q&L)CXJ
SVQAC& 
$
 EZ^%U3.S$Y/#@*NT&G

AX




MZG0JX/T%!QYE7^\N
KS3*)J?=+O/S\_[ 7URGBE[#/==6@W=B
;
Q1FNN[.S



==69D#
2P(7A..NF@PI\BH]G.(C.*9L-\=B)?5#=OV/')V.O3T4



A:J8.+X E8H2RQ\N6?=ME^+

MP4QS\^3B9(;L0'8I7U4E#9'A3@NE%#2VRM%/^2_?!K &'$P)F3R/$OL1.F

9@

APL8T ;@%W86@2HH!)6G$/62NE?XHGC0X#A0@U((A&Y
M5FJ7LQ8-BO9(0=!*V=YAH E[MPZ/_]R(/&73G['&*N-#+2I


+L*M!#5GEQLMTZL*415*U4
M[7K1HEDUXQ@;




+ EJGD?*J^TZTY(C2K)U-SOD
M):^













H!@67B!&]&


MG!C\E1/ G^+-=8S[8?\)


VC 51BE.#8Q


K5T^



E-5[CW?D?#QG&$
$^88




&;^7O=A%:GBQ_./Q1GZP)W=WCFD #\(K_!PAPWBAV?

YU



MW6/)GHQPZZ6'=.HVVM[
MFU'JB[[Y:V:3IH.^%?36
AC?OG-)3GT9#&LD;)U




A!/H981#CGT-$]7

M(B;K%0  C!D! !4   !R965D+3(P
34Q
C



2 /


?R)M#H]ITW/'L_&%Q_.

M]HR#XAWG)X4X)6?R%$K:

MY^/CM\@_*HR?6AC #R A4/_3[I+^58,@!_!T-=9'U'YX0@)(U.-)Z%^%
M

MHO


PB2(%E]O4OAMI
M;E$
B
]\=Y\I%[DDHK;=2'&#PN4CP.MK&!)/3CKDW7

M0N(

T

M 'J
Z/JNGP3@;G$5Q7!-\Z.GR2X(8($MTM1/&)_#U/I:9@@X$'4VAR+?:R

W-ZG,$@HJ'/@)1C&6[B[,I3.NSK.O'1'02MAQ_(Q5JJ_
M6EE4!1[]Y9Z!M;AT9_4;.=L%F@77?0X]Y
Y5SI$+3W&K@_6+OZA.L:[X-U]



M(6WVZF*?_I)V)I)D).M

R.
MYRL7@^@;?4YFU=0)




M
JD]-_2(.WF-^3?%0KP%@-B$[_@0X7?LX;_$QYG&;_C9V1


&;*
M+P/W&03I:_^5MZLU.S$G


MJJW4C'YFU.@BO:PS?KX+&9%$ L 7NF!.I&T?H5(J-7#.C8*CHK=U8-UCL'&A


PU


A'?W


M!%P/-H/35AW]VJ[P:U+SEY.ZEC?DWX.4I(HOZJW4IYY+ZU.=GRHL_MQC+6W+
M';X5H3_4A-[2.FCA
-3F'
0WC*+H'J.%+ ^J-#(Y*7 #$#V %Q F0%H@PC4T
M[:L$9JX/6[%NUD642Q3%=PM:T!#-B9.136YJ#4W[TW8
&G038# RT)YD
O


C'



VZH.I'&1R2GN7__7]*:(G_LKT.[^H1EJKK
/#EG!S2&F=)D '



9)]



7O3NG&;]FDMW']3A:S.&?4%#)''#G3IZB#8RL70G83^06TQF

G& ZI-6L\^O,38.D&^1R$WI I
M%I<+5BF94Z'K3431EY&%8IYQ02LG=5):9TML)F61IBYG71K25V<GXJ_]7KU


M-X0V#4F43 \NEC:G4L.
VC*GDDA]SH56-K
:0DY)BB63FXNJTD1KD $@7(69



NV+?9B+3():-'RDO9


M%6O)37@:M*Q%5[DI3/KRQI+Y]97:3F+E,[D-U.(E9L%SYZ:]N9J9J]_^811
MS#IW_MWU5C $^%VC$\EH3+OUG1!J-X)UN%W#MYBXLD@#-@F)Z2J8G5!K-8%U
MH'U-8)!N51&19^L-1B_996LMP+60F2[RW@D\)5-8!R[4NQGFP0MV#53F*[D
MW@FV-@/T?Y/ KV %O0 TVITVJK4Q77*M9VF! K:.!A1&
4X\:@%Z7ATMB3=N





M[EI
C(6A_K!6


M@&&?+&* .T6^QM%TF5*WX O-9=



CB?ZE
@..!X$:F+I9R&9
MLH


%



M


MS[0IKY*W8)NR$*]4O.7 B*BUT6




P5ZKUC
[.#$WG%_WW#8D=;5I
%WVP3RE^




MW='_:+XRM




M+1(AE& \'2_%A



&@%*)6YZ[FT^;3?M\S
M/!]_O
QFQ;_;C/'91V..EW;KZFOD?R5W]I-:AC5-N\' ]S@+-XQ7

\OOX[W-;C
_4D=!\TM%S6

/5CJGOW8'+I
D_7JWO[0






H

&%G?

MC3=-VB/TZI-H!5M_F


M)G.^' H/*4T./75&?
L7=N[#;NZQ47;M'&.!;:=D2A@C3OXTV0MK[Z[;C]DG


M5$=;#-4[#15#O&1\I^$

]6=9)

F?_L^JY8Y2[Y/TNXR5-(^)3H9

U

MMASV#@[3!*T_I#_?YS@Y]\@%_VLN'L_^2;SXW?=IX[JV^PB@WQ6/UTM@I^W6
M(:\T:
0R\.G



?Q440
M1
0YC9C(&N K)8U/WI#DYW/*^.KYX$Z(=
O:8!C\ FQ






MC



@MH?VT?IYRU3D^45GH
MWMLY.JUZN274G]=1%\:P5H-8JU'Z E\MK%L^F4=:*%]7YD!7:+Z X/UM%E



MK*!PL52Z?E=94(O&
MU!9@ZM=)+L&NK*52VVH;RM^L='*)F,I2CE?K#^E UKYB*9
 SW**HNMTDBH

VXN0C[26

-*.U-Y

MDMZ(QS!RB


AWH3(*FO

M!^;%^YO])*Z740FEU



$[SZ./HE[W.66G-/H9
M3B.ONK$ZB1@K*';-EK+)












97EIQ_V;4R-QD81




M
:E9J8^CXQR9?'960






\X? 55U

F74& YKB7$2F--5^%

K
*R85#-R

MWY%'R)L


&
?2G@M$\H.G [K3C:8[;J-Y;=5Z^V.L
4EM266MVBVUNK^LYD5
M1ZGQ5 X98NKGKD\+N4_?N-;

PS'\@-#]:V-W5G?A


G$G;K$4:T
DBZ&*_35








M9V&*674_A[0;?EEIP ?E9=@9)8YGK+9&IR28



 AM
M7]1O$6C B2_Q)DGZ(.:Z)G:0]6:/I\;%EL;3]$*Y
;MQ9_.P0 ;\=:AZ(A99

\,@.SS.
M#@BP!3V@B#L^&9/?!:T[(0&H*]ZO1UBMDOP@FPMN$Q
U5$OW(N6!S
*OEGI

M-^M1?

X2G











35U%Z4;*3@&GPUDXIZ


2CO@/
M87#\_




M[*S]!['!LQ35EG@9+ 






[)?-X^



MF10VOZ/)C2)D%

DWK_(]_)2])KG3;^4GO:V$J'L_AZ9&4#

!+QSOOU/HHGK$4=QI_


$=6/S'#\Z6_-S)).TR[?@5ZKNJ05=
MJ$@

7] UV[(3-W$H)B
3 3@NT!W./



M(VRA\K[U\D[\JM(W[::F2T_UMKG)/[!Q7U*3UN


MI[/9)(OG)9%W_DLR'Q7F&
G-TQ\.9-7/K%&Q^-G:E=/\_58
0/PK:R\P6#D(

M@C9QM%6Q&T/EYYH6N^FEQ!Q;PA&7[APCRH7
&RJC\O4/TR5V3:?ELN..CU
MKU



MDYO_.&SU#=^V.!FD+)SO.Q$3]]5\(O&+1U)N29H$FB2)P'GJ8!K96YEO+F

M:\V[ @(KA[#6O8!BB+D



CC'9.;Z




-?3P
;:^*
MZ4N]<@O1I(HU O'U:PY+R!5

M1VPRYSS@7%I0/QY$FECTH75B4;'69-XDI%:&P$H@I 
.Z49#NM&0;J00VI!N



MBNHRGDD\DR*S[C(F3C)1'@_-DEL0


M2P

D@ 0_UCMF\SE*X.]V!'P'P^'XS__UO(G1
M(\[R*$W^\LV[[]]^@WR3


$_^6;)/WF





4E+0_WI3D;VA?WKS

KR2*Q-GV0^4



M.&=1NQ!5'MR\\G:-Z1\OR;\Z*N+G@JR8.*R4I(T,S#[ EL82MFU]'39D1O3
MV3S-I+8SD:L@OV=R=_F;=1!L?Z+Z@\X+O+J+V_H7]Z\?5=.W_^M_//OMV2H
MXGQQ343B+
-DT*;+KY_PYA[7GV.V_N4;*XX?^I90WD56F1-D2T.;E!0_+%.R




Z$&B[T=\JW-^(R
















KX<; DA]+&BEZ&5*-W<_\W)6V@E:(''6RPKEZD[N

'4;4^'A@M^L.[H[=OW]+_/_NV
M(\IQWNBV2,+SZ!'_NDO#(=W#^DN#Y)0<V(^C-_==F6$6<U69@ S#(2-T%C8

89:J<O

*^8OP'[N\4&;]67&XK1QA
I*E\$V(1@P



:)5MPT5*2$8




M?8P45;1S]S_-[/L;#C*RK:HJ36K\$AVUPS)7)I5;=:Y4I#!P8=2OCXX?$25G
M-[]_XH4^IW-K5$EW3VF5\WD;/.*$AGM:[Y_1_]2DX]DSNTO4&VI0D\)GRPD#
M74/5[8.-?.(_RD-VSH$HS WFJKT.=AHP\H=$J?Q8XERG4!QZW?OF-$H)81^
M*0XHS;SN9PO Y]&JP'C4Q*-G]3'MV!@CFW1T?-[A







ME)#@Q

M^J%W!8U;
$C4ZT*A10 (*)6AAP0L0H/:XNZ6:3\I0Q=AZ47^V*O @26N5

YK1I:UU%6I;K]


C9DA0B!




MLO@M?RXJKR^!WM#@9Z%DK)(#49!51 ]JSEK: 9QG#X1_Q:C59JA,-W=%ZM=
MW+!0E&:XV&4)_W=(MF?\%XKE#S_^U&#Y_8\?H(+Y=K?=QA%6EK^N?W:Z^LI

M6YO2+5ML9 .#


M7BR.+RXO[B[.;M'B\RFZO;LZ^:]?KRY/SVYN_XC._N\O%W=_ P=5NY
;'8
G


M
AQ&AA

MWJ7'0?+5-*4IZ=U.; :UN].;@A@



1P@1/3SNE

M05M.JMF-];8+

/GS?O!F3\YI2?WCWENP:
_1()1VA']_R2Y
Y+S45

C]//1G]Z]8U





MF0L
[JQ5E:2=M:XV
4H8V!/=66N_U_=&PFX# 2MZHM1/'D3))7L'&+@Q73PP
M1X\4;)NBA@


88UYGWS!$ !C
CM%Z0!DA0_V@(WGQ( ;SNXS8U\\N\8
MLRJA2;C8T#/?[&_*VLJ%I^
O&.K]!


M-+NQEWTQT_OP5;)(F6@D




M'W&RP^JS
H'*:=ZB7


S2/+_.TI4RI;Y#X1(3



8D<NIWV5G0L<7T[. @9R=GH*[QKD8[H(.'S#P?Z#K9_AV6NS\M9@.?DJ



MA5)A^B(I

)4RDJ6(V9+B-



+F&BTG9[2;0;9O_!\1ALLHC?HGHHNRZDP

)9KW
[@-\G&2P&!_
M+_7[0Z(2A@(N#25
'
VW$I-^X8Z&VIFZT[PCU=R6W%2IFWVF2; @S:I&J)

DKP!?FG
F]&0N@%'8*B4H345/!0TE=-@Q1*BABM%BXN
MFIW7KR0N[39-V.L?SY&^!V0



MFB?

M;##0 M *= 1K5=[/TA7EVE!0YM9PWZ[VK*S_K-GGVC7!E &B$' 
#-9MI.


M5NJW%VDM@W?\#=%2NFUZK+9-%=K0FOX//8_

MX)#&T7&2

(F*MG;V=;?/B3IMTN[SI$X^
M#6:LNK57

MBHJ%\IUG4S3T8&!LH:2R&G&35

M-UR&



]%2[:WJ[.


I;\&FB1M+&5F:Z#M@1MF

M-#2451]C;TZR6X7DK_3?2SI@M^7WT/T+^G9'/HFBY#O(8]?F)6-5$


M=Z;3( L!7@[?K V3GL09N:&5(1BLN5W0OILO





M1?*($_*U2'D%S

M


MC'(6:SX8GF+/##LWL625JK&5F&E@[CE9(AE^W(6&UV54






MJ\-:9;OM-F9UKH*X*HUUD:S2;

\8U/9
EMNIQ7
AIG4N2%OQPK&&1VFKU#B
MK
6-3J-\&:?YCCV-W*IXAEKR]CX!5-PA8NL 3=YGU_KO'O#?R/@X3S
%^BQY


M^)\+'+Z7^@IF)G?NF*T!C3]FXO.ND%J*DKQ'Z-M78J?9UR%52G^\I(AZBT
M*F+!F(O+$7:570=94?X'2S[/V8



MU00



!$@$&HY'P[AAX];^_E2'JJ' =B/:1H^17%
++M(

MI%5/?'/TOH \BW6-


MD:DE0(01@5N:N%I7JTM

M5Y&Z9O8SU !^I\?L0\T2'FZW80:#P*$:^?M+?X_(BX!!CX;&ZY6)^F&OHG$
M9MH;'-/9JP


G^TH%.7[T33!J 
E%


R2X3%
MR=*^ L00 8[KZ%F\I#I.?:%(4B.%K4@=.9G$2OS31/+4%.BYZ

G PP.%-




M+W'T2#.YV 7-%X79EKPN(33(G#:RK!C! &Z(MHI;XCEJZ&% L;Y4Q]6WOA4I









$_

M]-?/N/T


M


.@EI/)&G+0




N

MSM+'*



ME$R;:SUCTR_B.'T*!F9KT_3W7VQVL7BTQ;E33!9KPP2 *_#QJDOUZJI*!5
MFJ&PE$


MM*'FU!?2;!F]XVN


:YF/F;*(D


X\*P#+!(!9
\9H

CBFM


]8B\@
MDBHL15&'$AZ

MHB/$!

M'\'
13&]BT_O,E]LZ)46_G[?QZQU_ZIGF('')1L
MU&\C1
L !CHV6O8Q5?'
%

M:&!




MDT(Y XJ[()GF;MP C)R2N=S6(D[K%1]M=;7HH(1PL='2SA89X02E(BUN A^G



MD$
S+TC


+ =H[7@

M6I5/B9;/_[9
5 P8


MF].;+I9&R!$GYP$S4U@JJ@0;C0W Q]IO:1P4+#Q_(Z:\C1$ !7]RPVR1V.4^


M2)W7DS1AY?)I^!5O@H@6@JV4[EQ)8ME2JMWGGC)='POM;7[_V&BT0##0GL(*
MI2

:6N] LE10


CC13=L9E


+3]?(M.=U1;4WB_&R\IYQP]%W^#@@W@E+R




M82%4'\0[7ETZ+ D/


IOH;3^& H*

M)LWX$.0T'I)N-FER6Z3+K[)6&BC ^1G1(
.$4R
K;AAP':.R^F3IJ3J'C)@8



E-AFH1M X)NBRSZRE/_

MTRSOJ:\F30 _J/Y3Z*Z^%F.?%.ZI+R=+F#ZH?I1J;AZ/DR51&Q9.33JTAL[Y


MJQ0M^M9&_ C0S;2N2:RX3@GAZPQOHIWJ&J0%G\L3+&LS.N^MF)B\HVZHIB8



-

M'#_R-P=L=B
C9/K:I(PV7P7DP0+!N)-36-$?#02 /QT@YO^&@^SN*9VBH6I1


M6 'W\YB5;:]*97S
TEP5$9M(MM-2_5




M

 X5N7W^XR58##%HD(4U
F C







ML;I-S;$W1HU-.9_W0^X1RNJ3S1*Z5&QVM+CS(ZVIW@$JB/F%SY=7NR(O@B0D



M+R\)VILF?2W0S.X=C^-UUB]S6RX&!4P.OR[3+'M5-7P8



M;0^87SGD;^CUVOPNY4\:XT7!GGSJQPPZJ\$8
0Y?+QUM9.OATL$RO
-R3\5-
M7F0Y0:*

TN\79(QGOTO//


^]/LI

]?XT7!F+[V



MIO^.RU#C;

MKSO@P&:?
.38^:T=IEH4U$EGSKPTT#7Y-]P%+&=JGB:*.?$'O ^L.:V2;@WK
M.T^]I1/:@+&9+]B/\XRE



L?WE I=48?$#](E]+X
M&3^QGY3'K9;


LJ.:% 40V7N_-.YY[8<?SSUU4

 /=KOSHZ'55

M$J]R0DS$SH




M+V(-.S6519*4I




MF#*$*;N_.?HP_46WJSOW&



:H .;=!:O3/_I5S.
A]EK'MDU


'.UH5C3?;:.U]

MS68
=)2+GO2![@$/^&(]S!ITGAI!M3E$^DNRE]$*HV_!/1\H-.+($2Z.;%UA
MD_J4^9AOAH?=B?*EHO]@JM_.



4
M7M;]M(T@O.$\?[NW/GG@0U+_ /:



'


M7E&J-D6+3I'-#2I_YJA







6/! P

U-VE%-^





UYB





M1VMF-4VO7-4Y7:=1OI0Z:H


M%554

K]+SZEO*?C)RPNPU



TA_MD 2WY

'

8G+0
M5=*


BGYABXE%PX7')';I5X&H_$1U_P@%28BRZBOT





%_S!B[N4;VSPHF#O61 PLH=N

M
UDAPH&+:XW_ENL?
M4XEH78M$]R\$'DPHVE*I7A!Q0XO1J#.@NS_#ZCVI;@#S
M

M?#BKM&R:W7\751UUMKO_0'\_;\IP-\# _C[ T&X?$7$X47DWUZS=]Y@W8
ME._S^4-'^@2V3X9VM7OGA





M^Q2PVENEGE ZN:)#

6+UQ%N&<C+'FABL3BJ)B+-[=LK.\B+:T N47W*\
MVL67T2/.V?W[+<Z*EVMB4D$LKZ=G:W]M+[FP #&M43HO#U?RT8Y] ,7TV4E

L

M'GO(@M6K^QLB+&[

0_E1Q7A1L.QMQU]=)0:4^WBC:MB$RT84++-;-&0IWZ





MW2:CF2#JZV2
@CND!U@%Y6RSC=
77'KC^0UF#K/X(
G4'W@EB-5;-_W\6GVO

:_O5$NB K


RYFTHRK
Z?


RHWC?R9;=['0H9$#5L?9JJM(-SM&
]P']7)ZG .GH*HFUG;^Z6))_D97D[B%+=^N'DV+G^E\
M)+I' YAA=?((S25/UO#47(#-?=8*BFH%(.8'#:?^WFE/F7IZ_P!#&5E)D5
RW?DW-2GQS<A; ]-(1QSA.GVB9B2B.B7F*
M*49*!:L3=KVNX#1HC^\.WK[]BW]_UYS<6Z(_Y WBB]HCM$C_G67A&P]XVE'

O^0J:V&1ZO<_@6EHC7+24X22](^($Z-%4631_:Y@)X-%

5#1G$=I=H




#5:#2B %





$TV\P


MH$K*$2N(6AS5I^U

/W:E7GJ-(WSJ2]
MJ:(%U'=&%94#
5VA)DN7\7CJD1N\K8VX?4@S=HWN%-]+YT\E
: ^

M.6BW
)XW]'8@HEP NN4R3=:VO=*F!=HI4A7U?4)90'9)^1K=)?6$FUQ[Z70V





GQ4C


M/
MV2H
MI=-1\QS**LU02R_45NP0'U(%$H$UJ:<*EO?H7\/L0V]H+&E=]O*.N,ZY</+A
MUSK3&.UU.+]4NM25 7Q[-_N^Q-ZZ8/UYUR\G.]M' $QG\]LV RRO*ARVOGJ$
M^'</%(#-\\BTIE[S7B_9IXA+I+./OH:Y=+M<P*VI05/*VGT8'O$@W0+KJH%


MN/CJ)RL4:
9
MVE'5RG+:Y6.+3+NCWA8.

\*












OZT#;T%7PXM_)E2'=$@%#&.


DG']AJWX_J^A #VQ8P^@3-S=D9,++4/<W8'%AR7H-;W_ J!+W
M


M=


*&



VI]=W]TDF_17NM2D9R\AQ;VX'N;3IFXAM ]-X!&






MT*I.3



(HN/6?%%W^C
M5#L/V(2.Y=+&^(^2T+&XB4U6ASO#^*$4L47MP:\!

M\.S?4ZL]\.F!-8H2$LHV8&$7(#(_8T(&) 5[\'P-O(1*
'Q-4X\C&2RMID X


ML




_*B.S(G[A-+'J$DYDQ)%AQI+VON\P[(0/C'







ME$-@ W2%(FC





M0N%L][.=


M'3J1.X<..DA UFO=MC68 +:NP+1Y%46H2B
MI



YA0_R6G/-=JK9UU);(U-0YY6XGR=HZI?0
@=+Z2


M$'*

EQ3;TE4WH&NM
M$\8(@(3GO71/=C&_@BIA!*2SC!E%IJ59AM5Y$K+K\)2Z-+DQ^_-E$-+=_LF=


KE


S2L6Q'6P\SE8T+:@4)5.\WYTP
M=/Q8AH;1'

V_'7:K Z

1V;'4OF!2BP;%J7CINF.K3=/&/

MAU21Z+;/CIW][']^0!#^V\/5SN@?Q$U[X2




R6X2!G

VZV&KI
M(

MFB5=H
@;\Q4

M%@&6)IT\K





5
524TDZ



MSJ\V7W]ISM?*&)/=()-R%(O5:%HL 4KM2?K8]+W+@'J@J)]ZTC+PT/Z6)Z(:




MWQ&/9;ZFE3+29P






M230/W6TUN9'G?=4=R?K+]6;=L-T$BT

M[(5A53^HDH([92LI/$O$++.M]15-8+U+K=4H.ZPD$POWAE!V53K54?@U]\
M$

-T^^[*#E97^P59NKX;


MU1


;QW;VNV'ET!$F-D40*#;[:S1-XG40NO]-

-G9)RX(7
MEO$LO'-7:U9Y1Y#VL[H-ZU2W42
3E.X

QZ18#[RDZ;*O_Q7))V!)2DG<T56





6S;9H95


MOP^CZ8LK08'7=D0H\
BO;
(V31-GD\:.5N@[#S:.*ZE3(^F Q*Q8C5M3$G


SX%7YZ!R++4:[Y#1],6/MF3N+EVR
M4)FUDB[(4.%I6M*0<@


I 9CQ^CJ!2[8UY\K4+#CD !(KNME\
A:&A(X9]
MS(^
G(N7.8E8 '.+O)%UZ3/GDFB\YHMAT/'6:/OK!P[#YYA#HEN7S!Z))(
MXKU$[6V[I


M# ;V








M17=\:3T.(NF$P60?Y?$5 
7Q_(KUC(3O_/H=7;99/H

M9BS$9=27;??)=NM)7T#8M;#\ @8\'ZO!$PY)ER97^4+X'15?*+W#E/49S?%
MS;BA_-\K?QZRYXD6[

MW[^(#[_UV]WVH?AX%!Z:F3OG^3/5S-!U/


M97


MUG LS442*WL[^6JS#8.G[*G03Z'TW5Q%M[$NHR!I&/)D%;F0(LFS1HTVM@\*
MVF+F\(!I
G SA14S0=;']D51UVF@E@





;N97U(+WY^[CG=/PB=WGH8Y)=MK;RZUOR$=
M;1MJ8FVJ/3$*%@$.T_NK$[ILTM]1WN3+6KLECOD!6KS:Q..H*U^E2[5$\=KB
M@$D1!(04!56O W=34J5JBI#JZ'MP!ZQ_K0N:KDLXEB$V%L<L^64U7Y<I5-9




M7_QH2^;NTB4+U1HOZ8(





'AV_=4I*]0Q\_/'
M1:
[
B?NDR#J
(VHT!S$=B$3&+=1&,!IPO/3:.,RQ*G'6#BC&&[A$E_E(2
MP;/3%U/]TIF[GAN_7ODQH7*.TVB!)&0/^XKV%XX]HQ[%=C2$EF6@*YP]S+WT
MN.N]?G9\)[O!N21D&DVIR4'_._\Q]=EEI2T!
U%[1-M7O_KSLJ/0\

@GJ22




M?W

 UCJE7.)68



]TD9KFLWB;@FG461 )W=3M=E)6PZ+$7*(

M]/@ZS='9!!'HT=V$TNX_NIN.[J:CNVG



MI11YO9GMTH$ D?/XPB'R!W9=






L3;U
M)K;/XK!)Q6
+8:'

MFGO5':I3I3V;5?3%Q!LU6ZIEW


R#5?7@NU<

MQ'LBZ6






M7YSO2_:#O3ZP%J


Z+4#N!F.PRAP*

PN8+_!B$C2P@




M2D4_VQ:!1I L1 #COZBK\TG5=Q:F


]<:!Z8-]MTTU-C5#8%+I
0(QK7J-

62(

=D1S1L(^7U@Z)DWPD'DP .M#HOQ^4EP91RNG
AV99_G*&Y4OS= WH5J



5/V87
'?U_U$17W*WNG1H
M2B+PP-K!&&YJ

M_U6T9S1
2B(F%2K*\E''HE''HE''HE''HE$C+1KU'=4)L5PKZE@G9%^2-EJT

6DMNZ]WG;2]/.#S7


M/8N=

M=^(Z^%ZK*QM+I[:C^T8K


M^


'#PKM:6YO-DJ)IX



*_P#5+
OVZT%-6M]

MK9+D:
?
X!%@.YK/KIDAA@21'@XU0]O


MP0X]-\Z&J%8S





MFG
0'#0(L%T:9T^:J0V)H9RPWHR4YRB;^J5)A.TB-7O2L4[08-6SLF;.+$Q/

ZW&%ZV_PKLG



M#WA

W&
MVME#9#A




EW26%AJW@
M2#[@^,R,P;F?&PKPMF:A51?^;U.%X-_:$3^'U,BP*](+#O/]9/TM4&B+BJ
M

L7MI?9


X3:AKE





M =_B  !R965D+3(P
34Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

#$U
3(S
5]D968N

34Q
C
Q7W!R92YX


