

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-18-004464
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180402
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REED'S
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		18728873
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-217-9400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REED'S INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140512
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REEDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020122
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017

Commission
File Number 000-32501

REED&rsquo;S
INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization
    
Identification
    Number

    
    
    

13000
    South Spring Street
    
    

Los
    Angeles
 California
    
    

Address
    of principal executive offices
    
Zip
    Code


(310)
217-9400
Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Class
    
Name
    of each exchange where registered

Common
    Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
    
NYSE
                                         American


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Non-accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Smaller reporting company
[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]


The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30
 2017 was $25
970
000.

24
619
591
common shares
 $.001 par value
 were outstanding on December 31
 2017.






    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    II 
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III 
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV 
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules 
    
    

Item
    16.
    
    
    



    
    



CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; or &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are
often
 but not always
 made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;would&rdquo; and &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements
involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document.
All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in
this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements.

The
risk factors referred to in this Annual Report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to update
any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict
which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor
 or
combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our control
involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from
the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors.



    
Our
    ability to generate sufficient cash flow to support capital expansion plans and general operating activities


    
    

    
Decreased
    demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences


    
    

    
Competitive
    products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain its share of sales in the marketplace


    
    

    
The
    introduction of new products


    
    

    
Our
    being subject to a broad range of evolving federal
 state and local laws and regulations including those regarding the labeling
    and safety of food products
 establishing ingredient designations and standards of identity for certain foods
 environmental
    protections
 as well as worker health and safety. Changes in these laws and regulations could have a material effect on the
    way in which we produce and market our products and could result in increased costs


    
    

    
Changes
    in the cost and availability of raw materials and the ability to maintain our supply arrangements and relationships and procure
    timely and/or adequate production of all or any of our products


    
    

    
Our
    ability to penetrate new markets and maintain or expand existing markets


    
    

    
Maintaining
    existing relationships and expanding the distributor network of our products


    
    

    
Maintaining
    the listing of our common stock on the NYSE American market or other national securities exchange.



    
    





    
The
    marketing efforts of distributors of our products
 most of whom also distribute products that are competitive with our products


    
    

    
Decisions
    by distributors
 grocery chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any
    of our products that they are carrying at any time


    
    

    
The
    availability and cost of capital to finance our working capital needs and growth plans


    
    

    
The
    effectiveness of our advertising
 marketing and promotional programs


    
    

    
Changes
    in product category consumption


    
    

    
Economic
    and political changes


    
    

    
Consumer
    acceptance of new products
 including taste test comparisons


    
    

    
Possible
    recalls of our products


    
    

    
Our
    ability to make suitable arrangements for the co-packing of any of our products
 and 

    
    

    
Our
    ability to find alternative co-packing and production facilities for our products if our Los Angeles production facility is
    unable to produce because of damage by a disaster.


Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements.

PART
I

Item
1. Business



Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. (the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; or &ldquo;we
&rdquo; or &ldquo;us&rdquo; throughout this report) is the owner and maker of the
nation&rsquo;s leading portfolio of handcrafted
 natural beverages in the natural and specialty foods industry
 selling to specialty
gourmet
 natural food
 retail
 and convenience stores and restaurants nationwide. The Company also sells through distributors
to international markets. The Company&rsquo;s two major core brands are Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Beer and Virgil&rsquo;s soda beverages.
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are unique in the beverage industry
 being brewed
 not manufactured
 using fresh ginger
 spices and
fruits in a brewing process predating commercial soft drinks. Virgil&rsquo;s sodas include award winning Root Beer and other soft
drinks that are made using natural ingredients.

Historical
Development 

Reed&rsquo;s
Original Ginger Brew was created in 1987 by Christopher J. Reed
 our founder
 and current Chief Innovation Officer. Our product
was first introduced to the market in Southern California stores in 1989. By 1990
 we began marketing our products through United
Natural Foods Inc. (UNFI) and other natural food distributors and moved our production to a larger facility in Boulder
 Colorado.
The following year
 the Company moved all production to a co-pack facility in Pennsylvania. Throughout the 1990&rsquo;s
 we continued
to develop and launch new Ginger Brew varieties. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews reached broad placement in natural and gourmet foods
stores nationwide through UNFI and other major specialty
 natural and gourmet and mainstream food and beverage distributors.

In
1997
 we began licensing the products of China Cola and eventually acquired the rights to the product in 2000. In 1999
 we purchased
the Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer brand from the Crowley Beverage Company. In 2000
 we moved into an 18
000-square foot warehouse property
the Brewery
 in Los Angeles
 California
 to house our west coast production and warehouse facility. The Brewery also serves as
our principal executive offices.


    
    



On
December 12
 2006
 we raised $8
000
000 through the sale of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $4.00
per share in our initial public offering
 trading on the OTC Bulletin board. Following the public offering
 we expanded sales
and operations dramatically
 initially using a direct store delivery strategy in Southern California
 along with other regional
independent direct store distributors (DSD). The relationships with DSD&rsquo;s were supported by our sales staff.

In
2007
 wed transferred our shares to NASDAQ and raised a net of $7
600
000 in a private placement. We refocused our sales strategy
to eliminate company direct store delivery sales and to expand sales to DSD&rsquo;s and natural food distributors on a national
level. We also started selling directly to supermarket grocery stores
 which has become a significant portion of our business
today.

We
continually introduced new products and line extensions
 such as our California Juice Company products in 2009
 Virgil&rsquo;s
diet line of ZERO beverages introduced in 2010
 and Dr. Better and Light 55 Calories Extra Ginger Brew in 2011. We commenced offering
private label products in 2010; and in 2012 we launched our Culture Club Kombucha line.

In
2013
 our shares were transferred to the New York Stock Exchange
 where we are currently trading.

In
2015
 we launched Stronger Ginger Brew which contains 50% more fresh ginger than our best-selling Reed&rsquo;s Extra Ginger Brew.

In
2016
 the board of directors brought on John Bello to serve as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Bello is the founder and former Chief
Executive Officer of South Beach Beverage Company
 the maker of nutritionally enhanced teas and juices marketed under the brand
name SoBe. After growing the brand to $275 million in revenue over five years
 he sold the company for $370 million to Pepsi.
A 30-year veteran in the beverage industry
 Mr. Bello is streamlining our business model and driving the Company to operate under
an &ldquo;asset-light&rdquo; model and focus on becoming a premier sale and marketing driven organization.

In
2017
 we continued the build out of the development of the first natural soda fountain products with trials in a large
 national
fast
 casual restaurant chain. The soda fountain versions of the popular natural sodas allow restaurants and other fountain concessions
to buy the Company&rsquo;s products for significantly less than the full packaged bottled price and at competitive prices to other
fountain products.

In
2017
 under our new executive management team (see below)
 we began a complete operational review and developed a detailed action
plan to capture performance improvements and drive core brand growth.

In
2017
 the shareholders expanded the number of board appointed seats to allow for a more multi-dimensional board with strong business
experience. We also brought on a new investor and raised financing through a number of transactions through the issuance of a
convertible note
 warrants
 and a $14.0 million shareholder rights offering. Collectively
 these transactions raised $19 million
for the Company.

New
Beginnings

In
our efforts to transform operations and develop the Company into a premier sales and marketing organization
 the board of directors
brought on several seasoned industry experts to provide leadership and direction to the Company. In June 2017
 the board appointed
Val Stalowir to be the Company&rsquo;s new Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Stalowir is a 25-year veteran of the food and beverage
industry and brings with him several years of global brand experience including Quaker Oats
 Coca-Cola
 and Yum! Brands and emerging
brand experience including Boylan Bottling
 Detour Bar
 and Zola Acai. Mr. Stalowir has extensive experience in sales and marketing
new product development
 and improving operational efficiency. He also has a proven track record of leading brand expansion into
international markets and accessing private equity capital in the food and beverage sectors.


    
    



With
the addition of Mr. Stalowir
 the board appointed our founder
 Chris Reed as Chief Innovation Officer in order to focus on the
launch of a new portfolio of products and strengthen the Company&rsquo;s existing brand equity. The board&rsquo;s leadership restructuring
also included the retention of Stefan Freeman then interim Chief Executive Officer
 to be the Company&rsquo;s Chief Operating
Officer. He brings with him over 25 years of beverage and consumer product industry having served in executive roles in Coca-Cola
Refreshments
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 and Pepsi-Cola Bottling Group.


At
the September 2017 shareholder meeting
 the shareholders authorized to increase the number of seats on the Board to nine and authorized
an increase in common shares to 40
000
000 shares.


On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
current officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated
the Board of Directors will approve the offer&nbsp;and the sale is anticipated to close during the summer of 2018.

We believe these changes to the board
 the
executive team and the operations will bring welcomed industry and professional strength to the Company which will transform
our Company.

Industry
Overview

We
offer our portfolio of natural hand-crafted beverages in the natural and specialty foods industry as alternatives to the estimated
$100 billion carbonated soft drinks (CSD) market nationwide. The Company&rsquo;s products are sold across the country and internationally
to specialty gourmet
 natural food stores
 retail stores
 convenience stores and restaurants. While we are a top-seller in natural
food store markets
 we also sell nationally to major grocery chains. The trend in grocery stores is to expand offerings of natural
products. We believe as we restructure the Company and develop our sales and marketing functions
 we will have the ability to
scale and be capable of developing these direct customer relationships.

Carbonated
Soft Drink Industry Overview

The
CSD market continues to be a large category in the overall American consumer beverage industry. According to Nielsen data
 eighty-eight
percent of American households purchased CSD in 2016. While a very large market
 the CSD category continues to experience overall
volume declines accounting for 19.8% of stomach share in 2016 compared to 22.7% in 2011. On the other hand
 the craft and natural
soda category
 comprising 1% of total soft drink sales
 is growing at a rate of 16% annually.

Consumers
continue to embrace ginger products. Nielsen&rsquo;s Jordan Rost stated recently in 
 &ldquo;Despite overall
category declines
 sales of ginger ale grew 9 percent in 2016 as more consumers focused on gut health and are likely opting for
the functional and digestive health benefits of ginger-based soda. While many consumers clearly still want to indulge in soft
drinks
 they are turning to ginger ale as a way to impart some health benefits.&rdquo; 

The
biggest shift seen over the last decade is a redefinition of what it means to eat and drink healthfully. More consumers are opting
for naturally healthful products touting organic and natural appeals. In addition
 as the craft and natural soda segment is still
underdeveloped at only 1% of the total CSD market
 we believe there is significant potential to continue to market and sell our
portfolio of branded products.

Consumer
Trends Driving Growth for Our Products

In
order to effectively sell and market our portfolio of beverages
 we remain cognizant of the consumer trends in the marketplace
driving the continued growth for ginger beer and craft sodas:

Better-for-You
and Healthier Products
five times faster than their mainstream counterparts; consumers want simple
 natural ingredients. They are also looking for beverages
with function (e.g.
 the superfood ginger has health benefits).


    
    



Reducing
Sugar

Authentic
and Distinct Brands
 cross-generational products appeal to consumers. Boomers and Millennials gravitate to brands with
an authentic story (&lsquo;retro&rsquo;)
 unique liquid
 and packaging.

Affordable
Indulgence
 85% regular and 15%
diet
 with a slight male skew.

Trading
up to Premium and Craft
are looking for small batch
 handcrafted
 higher quality
 and authentic bold flavors.

The
Craft Soda Category is Underdeveloped
categories; it is currently less than 1% of the overall CSD category.

:
There is an opportunity to upsell to the on-premise market segment given the market&rsquo;s desire for a beverage with a non-alcoholic
strong flavor alternative.

Demand
for Premium Mixed Drinks
 but the Gin &amp; Ginger and the Dark &lsquo;n
Stormy
 both of which have ginger bases
 have also been on the rise in popularity.

Our
strategies will remain responsive to these consumer trends as we concentrate our efforts on developing the Company&rsquo;s sales
and marketing functions.

Our
Products 

We
manufacture our hand-crafted natural beverages using premium natural ingredients. Our products are free of genetically modified
organisms (GMO). Over the years
 the Company has developed several product offerings. In 2017
 we narrowed our focus to our core
product flavor offerings of Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Beer flavors and Virgil&rsquo;s Craft Sodas. We may re-introduce at a later date
our Kombucha and China Cola brands.

Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Beers

Ginger
ale is the oldest known soft drink. Before modern soft drink technology existed
 non-alcoholic beverages were brewed at home directly
from herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits. These handcrafted brews were highly prized for their taste
 tonic
 and health-giving properties.
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Beers are a revival of this lost art of home brewing sodas. We make them with care and attention to wholesomeness
and quality
 using the finest fresh herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits.

We
believe Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Beers are unique in their kettle-brewed origin among all mass-marketed soft drinks. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger
Beers contain between 17 and 39 grams of fresh ginger in every 12-ounce bottle. Our products differ from commercial soft drinks
in three characteristics: sweetening
 carbonation
 and coloring for greater adult appeal. We sweeten our products using pure cane
sugar. Instead of using injected-based carbonation
 we produce our carbonation naturally
 through slower
 beer-oriented techniques.
This process produces smaller
 longer lasting bubbles which do not dissipate rapidly when the bottle is opened. We do not add
coloring. The color of our products comes naturally from herbs
 fruits
 spices
 roots
 and juices.

Since
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are pasteurized
 they do not require or contain any preservatives. In contrast
 modern commercial soft
drinks are typically produced using natural and artificial flavor concentrates prepared by flavor laboratories
 tap water
 and
highly refined sweeteners. Manufacturers make a centrally processed concentrate which lends itself to a wide variety of situations
waters
 and filling systems. The final product is generally cold-filled and requires preservatives for stability. Added colors
are either artificial
 or if natural
 they are often highly processed.


    
    



The
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews line contain the following products:

Reed&rsquo;s
Original Ginger Brew
root
 lemon
 lime
 honey
 raw cane sugar
 pineapple
 herbs and spices. Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew is 20% fruit juice.

Reed&rsquo;s
Premium Ginger Brew
and contains 17 grams of fresh ginger root.

Reeds
Extra Ginger Brew
 but has 26 grams of fresh ginger root for a stronger bite.

Reeds
Stronger Ginger Brew
products.

Reed&rsquo;s
Raspberry Ginger Brew
 raspberry juice
 and lime. Reed&rsquo;s Raspberry Ginger
Brew is 20% raspberry juice.

Reed&rsquo;s
Light 55 Calories Extra Ginger Brew
 made possible
by using Stevia. We use the same recipe of 26 grams of fresh ginger root
 honey
 pineapple
 lemon and lime juices
 and exotic
spices.

Reed&rsquo;s
Natural Energy Elixir
and natural boost to energy levels.

Virgil&rsquo;s
Root Beer

Virgil&rsquo;s
is a premium craft root beer made with natural ingredients. Our root beer contains filtered water
 unbleached cane sugar
 and
spices sourced from around the world such as anise from Spain
 licorice from France
 bourbon vanilla from Madagascar
 cinnamon
from Sri Lanka
 clove from Indonesia
 wintergreen from China
 sweet birch and molasses from the southern United States
 nutmeg
from Indonesia
 pimento berry oil from Jamaica
 balsam oil from Peru
 and cassia oil from China. We purchase these ingredients
from vendors who source these spices worldwide and gather them together at the brewing and bottling facilities. We combine these
ingredients under strict specifications and finally heat-pasteurize all Virgil&rsquo;s sodas
 to ensure quality. We sell Virgil&rsquo;s
in 12-ounce bottles in both 4 packs and 12 pack boxes. The Virgil&rsquo;s soda line is also GMO free.

In
addition to our Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 we also offer a Virgil&rsquo;s Cream Soda and Virgil&rsquo;s Black Cherry Cream Soda
Virgil&rsquo;s Orange Cream Soda
 and a Virgil&rsquo;s ZERO line. In 2018our Virgil&rsquo;s ZERO line of 100% Stevia sweetened
and zero calorie sodas will be replaced by our NEW Virgil&rsquo;s O Sugar line of craft sodas. This new natural line of Zero Sugar
flavors includes Root Beer
 Cola
 Lemon-lime
 Orange
 Black Cherry
 and Cream soda.

Other
Products

We
have other popular brands with limited distribution including our Flying Cauldron Butterscotch Beer and Sonoma Sparkler brand
of sparkling juices designed to be celebratory drinks for holidays and special occasions.

Prior
Product Innovations

We
are experts in flavor and recipe development and have developed many innovative and award-winning products and line extensions.
With the expansion of our management team of beverage industry professionals and the added Chief Innovation Officer position
we will continue to be at the forefront of developing flavor profiles and products.

While
product innovation will remain a top priority
 we have discontinued some drinks in response to various market conditions including
changes in consumer preferences and price points in various markets.


    
    



These
innovations which have sold well in the past
 may be reintroduced to the marketplace in the future given favorable market conditions.
These products include:



    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Ginger Brews: Reed&rsquo;s Spiced Apple Brew
 Reed&rsquo;s Cherry Ginger Brew
 and Reed&rsquo;s Nausea Relief.

    
    
    

    
    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Kombucha: all flavors.

    
    
    

    
    
Other
    Products: China Cola
 certain private label products
 and Reed&rsquo;s ice creams. 


Our
Primary Markets

We
target a niche in the estimated $100 billion carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the U.S.
 Canada
 and international
markets. Our brands are generally regarded as premium and natural
 with upscale packaging and are loosely defined as the artisanal
(craft)
 premium bottled carbonated soft drink category.

During
2017
 management began simplifying operations in order to focus the Company on becoming a premier sales and marketing organization.
The new management team is currently assessing best strategies to augment our existing sales and marketing efforts by utilizing
industry brokers and outside advertising firms.

We
have an experienced and geographically diverse sales force promoting our products with senior sales representatives strategically
placed in five regions across the country
 supported by local Reeds sales staff. Our sales managers are responsible for all activities
related to the sales
 distribution
 and marketing of our brands to our entire retail partner and distributor network in North
America. The Company also employs an internal sales force and engages from time to time and in limited circumstances
 independent
sales brokers and outside representatives to promote our products.

We
sell to well-known popular natural food and gourmet retailers
 large grocery store chains
 club stores
 convenience and drug stores
liquor stores
 industrial cafeterias (corporate feeders)
 and to on premise bars
 gourmet restaurants
 and delicatessens worldwide.
We also sell our products and promotional merchandise directly to consumers via the Internet through our Company website
 

Some
of our key customers include:

Natural
stores
 Sprouts Farmers Market
 Natural Grocers
 Earth Fare
 and Fresh Thyme Famers Market

Gourmet
&amp; Specialty stores
 Bristol Farms
 The Fresh Market
 and Central Market

Grocery
store chains
 Safeway
 Publix
 Stop &amp; Shop
 H.E.B.
 and Wegmans

Club
and Mass Stores
 Target
 and Walmart

Liquor
stores
 Total Wine &amp; More
 and Spec&rsquo;s

Convenience
&amp; Drug stores
 Rite Aid
 and CVS Pharmacy

Our
Distribution Network

Our
products are brought to market through direct-store-delivery (DSD)
 customer warehouse
 and distributor networks. The distribution
system used depends on customer needs
 product characteristics
 and local trade practices. Our products are brought to market
through an extremely flexible and fluid hybrid distribution model.



    
    



Our
product reaches the market in the following ways:

Direct
to Natural &amp; Specialty Wholesale Distributors

Our
natural and specialty distributor partners operate a distribution network delivering thousands of SKUs of natural and gourmet
products to thousands of small
 independent
 natural retail outlets around the U.S.
 along with national chain customers
 both
conventional and natural. This system of distribution allows our brands far reaching access to some of the most remote parts of
North America.

Direct
to Store Distribution (DSD) through alcoholic and non-alcoholic distributor network

Our
independent distributor partners operate DSD systems which deliver primarily beverages
 foods
 and snacks directly to retail stores
where the products are merchandised by their route sales and field sales employees. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum
visibility and appeal. DSD is especially well-suited to products frequently restocked and respond to in-store promotion and merchandising.

Direct
to Store Warehouse Distribution

Some
of our products are delivered from our manufacturing plants and warehouses directly to customer warehouses. Some retailers mandate
we deliver directly to them
 as it is more cost effective and allows them to pass savings along to their consumer. Other retailers
may not mandate direct delivery
 but they recommend and prefer it as they have the capability to self-distribute and can realize
significant savings with direct delivery.

Wholesale
Distribution

Our
Wholesale Distributor network handles the wholesale shipments of our products. They have a warehouse
 distribution center and
ship Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s products directly to the Retailer (or to customers who opt for drop shipping).

International
Distribution

We
presently export Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s brands throughout international markets via US based exporters. Some markets
are: Spain
 Mexico
 Puerto Rico
 Canada
 Philippines
 U.K.
 Israel
 South Africa
 and Australia.

International
sales to some areas of the world are cost prohibitive
 except for some specialty sales
 since our premium sodas are packed in
glass
 which drives substantial freight costs when shipping overseas. Despite these cost challenges
 we believe there are good
opportunities for expansion of sales in Canada
 the Middle East
 England
 and Australia and we are increasing our marketing focus
on these areas by adding freight friendly packages such as aluminum cans. We are open to exporting and co-packing internationally
and expanding our brands into foreign markets
 and we have held preliminary discussions with trading companies and import/export
companies for the distribution of our products throughout Asia
 Europe
 Australia
 and South America. We believe these areas are
a natural fit for Reed&rsquo;s ginger products
 because of the importance of ginger in international markets
 especially the Asian
market
 where ginger is a significant part of diet and nutrition.

We
believe the strength of our brands
 innovation
 and marketing
 coupled with the quality of our products and flexibility of our
distribution network
 allows us to compete effectively.



We
have entered into agreements with some of our distributors who commit us to &ldquo;termination fees&rdquo; if we terminate our
agreements early or without cause. These agreements call for our customer to have the right to distribute our products to a defined
type of retailer within a defined geographic region. As is customary in the beverage industry
 if we should terminate the agreement
or not automatically renew the agreement
 we would be obligated to make certain payments to our customers. We are in constant
review of our distribution agreements with our partners across North America.


    
    





The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition include pricing
 packaging
 development of new products
and flavors
 and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of
manufacturers. Most of these brands have enjoyed broad
 well-established national recognition for years
 through well-funded ad
and other branding campaigns. In addition
 the companies manufacturing these products generally have greater financial
 marketing
and distribution resources than we do. Competitors include the brands such as Henry Weinhard&rsquo;s
 Thomas Kemper
 Hansen&rsquo;s
Izze
 and Boylan
 and Jones Soda.

Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
rapid and effective development of new
 unique cutting-edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising
and pricing. We also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing our products over those of our competitors
 provide
stable and reliable distribution
 and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the soft drink category
could also cause our products to be unable to gain or to lose market share or we could experience price erosion.

Despite
our products having a relatively high price for an artisanal premium beverage product
 minimal mass media advertising
 and a relatively
small but growing presence in the mainstream market compared to many of our competitors
 we believe our all-natural innovative
beverage recipes
 packaging
 use of premium ingredients
 and a trade secret brewing process provide us with a competitive advantage
and our commitments to the highest quality standards and brand innovation are keys to our success.

Manufacture
of Our Products



In
2017
 management began concentrated efforts to work toward a business model to outsource our manufacturing processes and develop
the operations into a premier sales and marketing company. Management began exploring the utilization of larger
 efficient co-packers
than the ones we use currently. While we explore these options
 we continue to manufacture our product in three locations. Our
Los Angeles facility known as &ldquo;The Brewery
&rdquo; is located at our Company&rsquo;s headquarters
 and there we produce
certain soda and private label products. On March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially
owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s current officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets
of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors will approve the offer&nbsp;and the sale is anticipated to
close during the summer of 2018. We also partner with two co-pack facilities which assemble our products and charge us a fee
generally by the case
 for the products produced by them. These two facilities are in Indiana and Pennsylvania.

Raw
Materials

Our
products consist of two major raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging. Generally
 the raw materials used in our products are
obtained from domestic and foreign suppliers and most of the materials have multiple
 reliable suppliers. This provides a level
of protection against a major supply constriction or calamity. Since our raw materials are common ingredients
 and supply is easily
accessible
 we have no long-term contracts with our suppliers.

Substantially
all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or by our contract
packers in accordance with our specifications. Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger is made to our specifications in Fiji. Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Candy Chews are made and packed to our specifications in Indonesia.

A
significant component of our product cost are the glass bottles used for our drinks. In December 2017
 in efforts to restructure
our supply chain and drive cost savings in the largest component of our raw material costs
 we entered into a strategic partnership
with a glass supplier
 Owen-Illinois
 who will serve as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive glass supplier. Owen-Illinois will also
provide their expertise in embossing and proprietary package design for the Company.



In
2017
 in our focused efforts to simplify operations
 we streamlined our portfolio of over one hundred separate SKUs to focus on
approximately 28 SKUs which comprise primarily two brands: Reeds and Virgil&rsquo;s with twelve flavors. These two brands have
two primary packaging configurations consisting of 24 6 by 4 pack cases and single 12 pack cases.


    
    



We
also categorize our portfolio by non-core and discontinued SKU&rsquo;s containing multiple brands. The non-core SKU&rsquo;s are
being evaluated and include such products as ginger candy
 private label
 and specialty packaging such as swing top lid beverages.
The discontinued products category is defined as SKU&rsquo;s not in the Company&rsquo;s immediate production plans. Reed&rsquo;s
may re-introduce these items as market conditions change or improve.

Management
is constantly in the process of evaluating SKUs to maximize products with favorable results and make room for new inventions.

Warehousing
and Distribution

Raw
material handling and finished goods delivery costs also account for a significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing
and delivery processes. In December 2017
 the Company entered into a strategic partnership with R.C. Moore as its primary logistics
partner for North America. R.C. Moore
 by utilizing their supply chain management expertise
 transportation assets
 and their
beverage industry experience
 will help the Company reduce logistics costs.

We
follow a &ldquo;fill as needed&rdquo; manufacturing model to the best of our ability and have no significant order backlog.

New
Product Development 

While
we are simplifying our business and streamlined dozens of SKUs in 2017 in order to further our primary objective of accelerating
the growth of the Reed&rsquo;s and Virgil&rsquo;s core product offerings
 we believe significant opportunity remains in the all-natural
beverage space. Healthier alternatives will be the future for carbonated soft drinks. We will continue to drive product development
in the all-natural
 no and low sugar offerings in the &ldquo;better for you&rdquo; beverage categories. In addition
 we believe
there are powerful consumer trends that will help propel the growth of our brand portfolio including the increased consumption
of ginger as a recognized superfood
 the growing use of ginger beer in today&rsquo;s popular cocktail drinks
 and consumers increased
demand for higher quality
 all-natural handcrafted beverages.

In
2017
 with Chris Reed
 the Company&rsquo;s founder and former Chief Executive Officer
 appointed to the newly created position
of Chief Innovation Officer and directing his full energies toward new offerings
 we developed our first natural soda fountain
products and continued a trial in a large national
 casual
 restaurant chain. We also continued the development of our compelling
line of full flavor
 all-natural
 low calories sodas. These sodas contain only a fraction of the calories of traditional sugar-based
sodas yet still have the full
 robust taste of traditional sodas.

We
believe as we continue to transform our business model
 it will enhance our ability to be nimble and innovative
 producing new
products in a short period of time

Proprietary
Rights


We
own trademarks we consider material to our business. Three of our material trademarks are registered trademarks in the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office: Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew All-Natural Jamaican Style Ginger Ale &reg;
 and Virgil&rsquo;s
&reg;. . Registrations for trademarks in the United States will last indefinitely as long as we continue to use and police the
trademarks and renew filings with the applicable governmental offices. We have not been challenged in our right to use any of
our material trademarks in the United States. We intend to obtain international registration of certain trademarks in foreign
jurisdictions.

In
addition
 we consider our finished product and concentrate formulae
 which are not the subject of any patents
 to be trade secrets.
Our brewing process is a trade secret. This process can be used to brew flavors of beverages other than ginger ale and ginger
beer
 such as root beer
 cream soda
 cola
 and other spice and fruit beverages. We have not sought any patents on our brewing
processes because we would be required to disclose our brewing process in patent applications.

We
generally use non-disclosure agreements with employees and distributors to protect our proprietary rights.


    
    





The
production
 distribution and sale in the United States of many of our Company&rsquo;s products are subject to the Federal Food
Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 federal
 state and local
workplace health and safety laws
 various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws
 and various other federal
 state
and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients
of such products. Outside the United States
 the distribution and sale of our many products and related operations are also subject
to numerous similar and other statutes and regulations.

A
California law requires a specific warning appear on any product containing a component listed by the state as having been found
to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings
on their products. This is because the law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is
not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed components can expose affected products to the prospect of warning labels.
Products containing listed substances occurring naturally or contributing to such products solely by a municipal water supply
are generally exempt from the warning requirement. No Company beverages produced for sale in California are currently required
to display warnings under this law. We are unable to predict whether a component found in a Company product might be added to
the California list in the future
 although the state has initiated a regulatory process in which caffeine and other natural occurring
substances will be evaluated for listing. Furthermore
 we are also unable to predict when or whether the increasing sensitivity
of detection methodology may become applicable under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may
be amended
 might result in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in a beverage of ours produced for
sale in California.

Bottlers
of our beverage products presently offer and use non-refillable
 recyclable containers in the United States and various other
markets around the world. Some of these bottlers also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements
apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring deposits or certain taxes or fees be charged for the
sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary.
Other types of beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 tax and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations also apply
in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas. We anticipate additional
 similar legal requirements may be proposed
or enacted in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

All
of our facilities and other operations in the United States are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such
legal requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position.

Environmental
Matters

Our
primary cost environmental compliance activity is in recycling fees and redemption values. We are required to collect redemption
values from our customers and remit those redemption values to the state
 based upon the number of bottles of certain products
sold in the state.


    
    



Our
Employees

We
have 52 full-time equivalent employees on our corporate staff down from 62 in the year ended December 31
 2017. The table below
lists the departments. We employ additional people on a part-time basis as needed. We have never participated in a collective
bargaining agreement. We believe relations with our employees are good.




    
Number
    of FTE's
    

    
    
    
    

General
    Management
    
    
    

Administrative
    Support
    
    
    

Research
    &amp; Development
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Production
    &amp; Warehouse
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





A
full-time equivalent is based on 2
080 work hours in a calendar year. If an employee worked part-time
 he or she would be a fraction
of a a full-time equivalent.

Available
Information 

We
are required to file annual
 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements
 and other information with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC). The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference
Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site containing reports
 proxy and information
statements
 and other information regarding issuers filing electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and amendments to those
documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (Exchange Act)
are also available free of charge on our Internet site at http://www.reedsinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such
reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Investors
should note we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC
 press releases
public conference calls
 webcasts or our corporate website (www.reedsinc.com)
 including news and announcements regarding our
financial performance
 key personnel
 our brands
 and our business strategy. Information we post on our corporate website could
be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors
 the media
 our customers
 consumers
 business partners
 and others interested
in us to review the information we post on these channels. We may from time to time update the list of channels we will use to
communicate information deemed material and will post information about any such change on www.reedsinc.com. The information on
our website is not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the
SEC.

Item
2. Property

We
lease a facility of approximately 76
000 square feet
 which serves as our principal executive offices
 our West Coast Brewery
and bottling plant and our Southern California warehouse facility. Approximately 30
000 square feet of the total space is leased
under a long-term lease expiring in 2024.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings

From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters


Our
common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE American trading under the symbol &ldquo;REED&rdquo;. The following is a
summary of the high and low bid prices of our common stock on the NYSE American Capital Markets for the periods presented:




    
Sales
    Price

    
    
    

Year
    Ending December 31
 2016
    
    

First
    Quarter
    
    

Second
    Quarter
    
    

Third
    Quarter
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter
    
    

Year
    Ending December 31
 2017
    
    

First
    Quarter
    
    

Second
    Quarter
    
    

Third
    Quarter
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter
    
    




As
of December 31
 2017
 there were approximately 4
500 stockholders of record of the common stock (including only non-objecting
beneficial owners of record) and 24
619
591 outstanding shares of common stock.

Registered
and Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 we issued the following equity securities that were registered under the Securities Act:



    
    
Issued
    58
065 shares of its common stock to certain members of the board of directors valued at $1.55 per share with an aggregate
    value of $90
000 for services rendered.

    
    
    

    
    
Issued
    1
122
376 shares of its common stock at $1.50 per share with gross proceeds of $1
684
000 in connection with the exercise
    of investor warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
Issued
    9
333
333 shares of its common stock at $1.50 per share with gross proceeds of $14
000
000 in connection with a Rights Offering.

    
    
    

    
    
Issued
    117
647 shares of its common stock to a member of the board of directors valued at $1.70 per share with gross proceeds of
    $200
000.

    
    
    

Also
    during the year ended December 31
 2017
 we issued the following equity securities that were unregistered under the Securities
    Act:

    
    
    

    
    
Issued
    4
300 shares of its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value of $9
000 for services
    rendered.



    
    



Dividend
Policy

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings
 if any
 for use in our
business
 and
 therefore
 we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Payments of future
dividends
 if any
 will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors
 including the
terms of our credit facility and our financial condition
 operating results
 current and anticipated cash needs
 and plans for
expansion.

We
are obligated to pay a non-cumulative 5% dividend from lawfully available assets to the holders of our Series A preferred stock
in additional shares of common stock at our discretion. In 2017 and 2016
 we paid dividends on our Series A preferred stock in
an aggregate of $5
000 and in 2017 and 2016
 issued 1
640 and 1
504 shares of common stock in each year
 respectively
 and anticipate
we will be obligated to issue at least these many shares annually to the holders of the Series A preferred stock so long as such
shares are issued and outstanding.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans


2007
Stock Option Plan
 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory and Stock Option Plan
 and the 2017 Incentive Compensation plan


On
October 8
 2007
 our board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock Option Plan for 1
500
000 shares and the plan was approved by our
stockholders on November 19
 2007. On December 30
 2015
 the 2015 Incentive and Non-statutory Stock Option Plan for 500
000 shares
was approved by our shareholders. Options issued and subsequently forfeited under the under the 2015 plan cannot be reissued.
In 2017 the 2007 plan expired and no new options will be granted under the plan. On September 29
 2017
 the 2017 Compensation
Plan for 3
000
000 shares was approved by our shareholders. Options issued and forfeited under the 2017 plan contain an Evergreen
provision and cannot be re-priced without shareholder approval.

The
plans permit the grant of options and stock awards to our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either
&ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &ldquo;non-qualified stock
options&rdquo;. The primary difference between &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; and &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo;
is that once an option is exercised
 the stock received under an &ldquo;incentive stock option&rdquo; has the potential of being
taxed at the more favorable long-term capital gains rate
 while stock received by exercising a &ldquo;non-qualified stock option&rdquo;
is taxed according to the ordinary income tax rate schedule.

The
plans are currently administered by the board of directors. The plan administrator has full and final authority to select the
individuals to receive options and to grant such options as well as a wide degree of flexibility in determining the terms and
conditions of options
 including vesting provisions.

The
exercise price of an option granted under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant of the option. The exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a person owning more than 10%
of the total combined voting power of the common stock must be at least 110% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant. Options may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the plan.
Incentive stock options granted to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting power of the common stock cannot be exercisable
for more than five years.

When
an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the underlying stock will be paid in cash
 except that the plan administrator may
permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise
price
 or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator.


    
    



If
an optionee ceases to be an employee
 director
 or consultant with us
 other than by reason of death
 disability or retirement
all vested options must be exercised within three months following such event. However
 if an optionee&rsquo;s employment or consulting
relationship with us terminates for cause
 or if a director of ours is removed for cause
 all unexercised options will terminate
immediately. If an optionee ceases to be an employee or director of
 or a consultant to us
 by reason of death
 disability
 or
retirement
 all vested options may be exercised within one year following such event or such shorter period as is otherwise provided
in the related agreement.

For
the 2015 plan
 when a stock option expires or is terminated before it is exercised
 the shares are canceled and cannot be reissued.
For the 2017 plan
 when a stock option expires or is terminated before it is exercised
 the shares are not replenished. The option
strike price cannot be re-priced without shareholder approval

No
option can be granted under any plan after ten years following the earlier of the date the plan was adopted by the board of directors
or the date the plan was approved by our stockholders.

Equity
Compensation Plan 

The
following table provides information
 as of December 31
 2017
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under
compensation plans:




    
Number
    of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights
Number
    of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in

Plan
    Category
    
    
Column
    (a)

    
    
    
    

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders
4
048
500
    
3
087
500

Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders
62
365
    
    

    
4
110
865
    
3
087
500




On
January 10
 2018
 pursuant to its employment agreement with Valentin Stalowir dated June 28
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s board of
directors granted to Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371
218 shares of stock. The securities
are to be issued pursuant to Reed&rsquo;s 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. The options will have an exercise price of $1.70.
Other terms of the granted securities will be set by Reed&rsquo;s compensation committee in compliance with the 2017 Incentive
Compensation Plan.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 6.


    
    



Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain
forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including but not limited to those set forth under
&ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth key statistics for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



    
Year
    Ended
    

    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    

Gross
    sales
41
718
000
46
198
000
    

Less:
    Promotional and other allowances
4
004
000
3
726
000
    

Net
    sales
37
714
000
42
472
000
    

Cost
    of tangible goods sold
27
780
000
31
626
000
    

As
    a percentage of:
    
    
    

Gross
    sales
    
    
    

Net
    sales
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity
3
041
000
1
604
000
    

As
    a percentage of net sales
    
    
    

Gross
    profit
6
893
000
9
242
000
    

Gross
    profit margin as a percentage of net sales
    
    
    


(a)
Gross sales: Gross sales is used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance
 including sales
performance of particular products
 salesperson performance
 product growth or declines and overall Company performance. The use
of gross sales allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items
 which can mask certain performance
issues. We therefore believe that the presentation of gross sales provides a useful measure of our operating performance. Gross
sales is not a measure that is recognized under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles &ldquo;GAAP&rdquo; and should not be
considered as an alternative to net sales
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator
of operating performance in place of net sales. Additionally
 gross sales may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used
by other companies
 as gross sales have been defined by our internal reporting practices. In addition
 gross sales may not be
realized in the form of cash receipts as promotional payments and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain
customers.


    
    



(b)
Promotional and other allowances: Although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with GAAP
and meet GAAP requirements
 the disclosure thereof does not conform with GAAP presentation requirements. Additionally
 our definition
of promotional and other allowances may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. Promotional and other
allowances primarily include consideration given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors or retail customers including
 but not limited
to the following: (i) reimbursements given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend
with retailers
 including slotting
 shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (ii) the Company&rsquo;s
agreed share of fees given to distributors and/or directly to retailers for in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iii)
the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of slotting
 shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers; (iv) incentives
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors and/or retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; and (v)
discounted or free products. The presentation of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on
the determination of net sales and the spending levels incurred or correlated with such sales. Promotional and other allowances
constitute a material portion of our marketing activities. The Company&rsquo;s promotional allowance programs with its numerous
distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. These agreements generally
provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations
 ranging from one week to one year.

(c)
Cost of tangible goods sold: Cost of tangible goods sold consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the
manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 inventory adjustments
 as well as certain
internal transfer costs. Cost of tangible goods sold is used internally by management to measure the direct costs of goods sold
aside from unallocated plant costs. Cost of tangible goods sold is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not
be considered as an alternative to cost of goods sold
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone
as an indicator of operating performance in place of cost of goods sold.

(d)
Cost of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity: Cost of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to our finished goods in production. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the
period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Our charges for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined
on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs incurred. Cost goods sold &ndash; idle capacity is not a measure
that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cost of goods sold
 which is determined in accordance
with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of cost of goods sold.


Anticipated
Sale of the Los Angeles Plant:

On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
current officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated
the Board of Directors will approve the offer&nbsp;and the sale is anticipated to close during the summer of 2018. The
letter of intent offers the Company $1
250
000&nbsp;in cash&nbsp;for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
the Company will be relieved of the $1
472
000 long-term liability attached to the property.&nbsp;Based on the terms of
the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment charge totaling $5
925
000
 representing the difference between the offer terms
and the net book value of the assets to be sold and the relief of the long-term liability.



Year
ended December 31
 2017 Compared to Year ended December 31
 2016

Top
line

Volume
 During the first half of the year
 the core brands continued to decline
 reaching a year over year decline rate of 8.2%.
The entire portfolio
 that includes products that were impacted by our SKU rationalization
 decreased at a greater pace
 reaching
a year over year decline rate of 16.3%. During the second half of the year
 the volume decline slowed and was cut almost in half
from 8.2% to 4.3% as compared to the same period in the prior year. The overall portfolio that included private label grew at
a 1.9% improvement over prior year. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the core volume sequential trend
 improved each quarter
and is expected to improve into 2018.



    
    
    
    
    
    

Reeds
    12 ounce cases
293
133
294
336
293
532
249
228
1
109
733

Virgils
    12 ounce cases
187
506
209
487
228
325
174
891
793
997

Core
    12 ounce volume
480
639
503
823
521
857
424
119
1
903
730

Core
    Volume vs PY
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    Volume vs PY
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



Case
The Company initiated its first price increase for core products in over 6 years in August of 2017. Previously
the increase in selling price mix was driven by product offerings such as Kombucha and masked the lack of a price increases for
 quarter leading to a 4% growth in selling price
 quarter with a 6% growth in selling price per case
year over year. The company expects this trend to continue through the first half of 2018 as the SKU rationalization improves
the mix.




Sales
    price
    
    
    
    
    

Core
    rev/case 2017
    
    
    
    
    

Core
    rev/case 2016
    
    
    
    
    

Core
    Beverage selling price vs PY
    
    
    
    
    


Case
As the Company turned its focus to core brands the Company began to realize a decline
quarter
 we had rolled back the 2017 costs of $11.33 per case to the prior year&rsquo;s
average. The sequential trend in improvement that began in 2017 is expected to continue into 2018 as new supplier alliances are
realized that include our new glass provider. Glass is our number one cost.




Cost
    of goods sold
    
    
    
    
    

Core
    cogs/case 2017
    
    
    
    
    

Core
    cogs/case 2016
    
    
    
    
    

Core
    Beverage COGS vs PY
    
    
    
    
    


Other
Consistent with historical accounting practices
 discounts are not allocated to individual
brands
 flavors
 or individual SKUs. Also consistent with historical accounting practices
 total manufacturing costs
 that is
more than $2.00 for every case manufactured in Los Angeles
 is expensed immediately rather than capitalized as part of inventory;
these manufacturing costs are called idle plant costs &ndash; a non-GAAP measure. The chart below provides a reconciliation for
years ended December 31 respectively. These additional costs on a percentage of gross sales as reported above and includes non-core
activity.

Promotional
&ndash; Total discounts during the year were $4
004
000 an increase of 1.5% based on a percentage of sales or $278
000
versus total discounts of $3
726
000 in the prior year. The increase of 1.5% is a direct reflection of lower volume.

Idle
 &ndash; Idle Plant costs totaled $3
041
000 compared to $1
604
000 in the prior year. Idle plant costs as a percentage
of sales grew 3.3% over the prior year. The increase is a direct reflection of not operating the LA Brewery to its full capacity
in the first quarter of 2017
 resulting in additional freight and handling expenses as the Company moved product from the east
coast to our customers on the west coast.

Reserve
decreased 1.6% during the year versus the same period in the prior year as a percentage of sales and $32
000
in dollars. The decrease of 1.6% represented a 140% increase over the prior year and is a direct reflection of the reduction in
inventory waste.


    
    




Top
    Line Reconciliation
    
    
    
    

Promotional
    costs as % of sales
    
    
    
    

Idle
    plant costs as % of sales
    
    
    
    

Total
    Other Top Line dilution
    
    
    
    

Gross
    profit above
    
    
    
    

Net
    Margin
    
    
    
    

Reserve
    adjustments
    
    
    
    

Reported
    margin
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    

Candy
    Gross Profit
139
000
75
000
127
000
152
000
493
000

    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales
    Discounts
1
059
    
1
178
    
4
004

Sales
    Discounts as a % of sales vs PY
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Idle
    Plant
    
    
    
    
3
041

Idle
    Plant as % of sales vs PY
    
    
    
    
    



Top
The transition from a manufacturing focused enterprise to a sales and marketing focused enterprise has
begun. The sequential top line improvement reflects higher selling prices and lower COGS on an improving volume base. The LA plant
cost structure continues to weigh on the top line margin. We believe that as the transition continues into 2018 all three key
metrics of volume
 price
 and COGS will continue to improve sequentially.

Operating
Expenses

Delivery
increased 1.0% during the year versus the same period in the prior year and $40
000 in dollars.
The increase of 1.0% was due to an increase in freight charges of $173
000 and additional labor related charges of $48
000 that
were partially offset by a reduction in warehouse rentals of $181
000. As a percentage of sales
 costs increased over the same
period in the prior year by 13.7% to 10.4%. We believe that costs related to freight will decrease in 2018 to our historic norm
of less than 10% of sales as production occurs closer to the customers and that cross-country shipping will decrease significantly.



Delivery
    and handling expense
    
    
    
    

Total
    expenses
3
942
3
902
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

In
    dollars
    
    
    
    

    
3
121
2
948
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



Selling
 declined 18.4% due to a reduction in staff
 lower trade show related expenses
 and lower sales support
in terms of brokers. With the transition fully implemented
 we expect the spending in this category to double in 2018 as open
positions are filled
 advertising expenses are incurred
 and brokerage firms are utilized.



Selling
    and marketing expense
    
    
    
    

Total
    expenses
3
021
3
701
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

In
    dollars
    
    
    
    

Sales
    Labor
1
595
2
014
    
    

Sales
    Support
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Sales
    Trade
    
    
    
    


General
 increased 163.2% or $7.2MM largely due to impairment charges of $5
925
000 for equipment that
was determined not be used by the Company for the originally intended purposes and for the anticipated sale of the Los Angeles
plant. See previous discussion above of the sale of the plant anticipated to close in the summer of 2018. There were higher
director fees for services
 higher support services that included research and development costs
 legal fees
 I.T. related costs
and higher costs indirectly related to the rights offering. We do not expect to incur further impairment costs and anticipate
lower director expenses in 2018.





General
    and administrative expense
    
    
    
    

Total
    expenses
11
679
4
438
7
241
    

    
    
    
    
    

In
    dollars
    
    
    
    

Other
    (impairments)
5
925
    
5
441
    

G&amp;A
    Labor
2
348
2
154
    
    

Director
    Services
1
165
    
    
    

G&amp;A
    Support (rent
 depreciation)
1
149
    
    
    

G&amp;A
    Services (people)
    
    
    
    

Shareholder
    related
    
    
    
    


Financing
 &ndash; The Company had distinct financing transactions during the year in addition to the reoccurring borrowing
costs from prior years. For discussion purposes
 the categories are interest
 convertible note activity and warrant activity.

Interest

of CAPEX interest charges of $161
000 plus immaterial changes in borrowing and fees for other loan types. Interest expense
also includes the cost of the warrants issued in connection with the April financing
 which is effectively considered a borrowing
cost.

Convertible
note activity
 the Company issued a convertible note with a face value of $3
400
000. In conjunction with the shareholder
rights offering in December
 this note was extinguished
 and a new note was issued with substantially different terms. The interest
warrants
 and notes are explained in detail in the footnotes to following financial statements.


    
    



Warrant

 the Company recognized a gain from the change
in the fair value of outstanding warrants of $3
275
000 that was partially offset by eliminating the liability terms in the third
quarter of 2017 and by the subsequent exercise of some warrants outstanding at that time. The net adjustment of all warrant activity
and the extinguishment of debt related the convertible note that flowed through the profit and loss statement was expense
totaling $357
000.




    
    
    
    
    

    
3
491
1
978
1
513
    

    
2
776
    
2
776
    

Warrant liability and extinguishment
    of convertible note
    
    
    
    



Liquidity
&ndash; 
 the shareholders authorized an additional 20
000
000
shares of common stock at 2017 annual meeting of shareholders. The authority to issue more equity in conjunction with the rights
offering financing structure provided a mechanism for existing shareholders to maintain their equity interest in the financing
that closed on December 18
 2017 and funded on December 28
 2017. The shareholders over subscribed to the offering and the Company
raised $14
000
000 for purposes fully described in the rights offering prospectus dated December 12
 2017.


During
 quarter of 2017
 all of the debt owed to PMC became due within one year on October 21
 2018. The Company will
use the rights offering proceeds to facilitate an orderly transition to a sustainable financial structure with significantly reduced
borrowing rates. In January 2018
 the Company deployed capital to pay past due vendors
 paid down the line of credit
 and is holding
cash for operations and final sale of the Los Angeles plant. See Liquidity and Capital Resources section following
for detailed discussion.



We
believe 2017 marked a turning point in the life of the Company. While sales and overall operating results did not outpace the
prior year
 2017 is a year of new beginnings for Reed&rsquo;s. With shareholder approval and financial support
 the new leadership
has turned the focus to the core products. The decisions made by the new leadership team have led to a sequential improvement
quarter over quarter in volume
 selling price
 and cost of goods sold. These metrics will ensure Reed&rsquo;s will maintain its
leadership position in the healthy beverage and natural craft soda marketplace.


    
    



Modified
EBITDA

In
addition to our GAAP results
 we present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However
 Adjusted EBITDA
is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income
 income from operations
or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as
a measure of liquidity. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss)
 plus depreciation and amortization
 interest expense
reserve for replacement on fixed assets
 impairment loss on brand names
 stock-based compensation
 and convertible note and warrant
activity.

Management
considers our core operating performance to be that which our managers can affect in any particular period through their management
of the resources that affect our underlying revenue and profit generating operations that period. Non-GAAP adjustments to our
results prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons
we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA
 you should be aware that in the future
we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted
EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.

Set
forth below is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:

MODIFIED
EBITDA SCHEDULE




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(18
373
000
(5
009
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
739
000
642
000

    
2
112
000
1
724
000

    
1
055
000
673
000

    
5
925
000
484
000

    
4
324
000
232
000

    
14
155
000
3
755
000

    
    
    

    
(4
218
000
(1
254
000






    
    



Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31
 2017
 we had stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $508
000 and working capital of $2
303
000
 compared to stockholder&rsquo;s
deficit of $1
657
000 and working capital deficit of $1
563
000 at December 31
 2016. The increase in our working capital was
primarily a result of shareholder rights offering in December 2017. The overall change in our shareholders&rsquo; equity was the
result of the rights offering
 offset by impairment charges taken on our plant and fixed assets in connection with our anticipated
sale of the Los Angeles plant in the summer of 2018. See further discussion above and in the notes to the financial
statements regarding the sale of the plant .

Our
increase in cash and cash equivalents to $12
127
000 at December 31
 2017 compared to $451
000 at December 31
 2016
 an increase
of $11
 676
000 that was a result of $15
911
000 generated by financing activities less cash used for costs of plant improvements
of $813
000 and use of cash for operations of $3
422
000.


For
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recorded a net loss of $18
373
000 and utilized cash in operations of $3
422
000.
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the company experienced significant financing shortages and engaged in three separate
transactions to raise capital. The first transaction completed in April raised a net $3
083
000 by issuing a convertible note
to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC
 the second transaction in July involved certain current warrant holders exercising their warrant
holdings for $1
650
000 in exchange for other warrants and third and final transaction in December raised a net $13
087
000 from
existing shareholders.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $12
127
000 and had available borrowing on our existing line of credit
of $1
012
000. We estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for
the next twelve months. The Company&rsquo;s secured working capital facility with $3.3 million of outstanding borrowings at December
31
 2017
 will expire in October 2018
 which we believe will be renewed or can be replaced. In addition
 the Company&rsquo;s bank
notes (&ldquo;Notes&rdquo;)
 totaling $6.9 million also become due in October 2018. The Company believes it can successfully restructure
its debt before the Notes mature. If not
 the Company has sufficient cash on hand and borrowing capacity under its working capital
facility to retire the Notes.


We
believe the Company currently has the necessary working capital to support existing operations for at least the next 12 months.
Our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe
that the Company can reduce its operating costs and can be managed to maintain positive cash flow from operations. Historically
we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 convertible debt
 a line of
credit from a financial institution
 and cash generated from operations.



    
    



We
may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to
achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we eventually may have insufficient working capital to maintain our
operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion and marketing and product development plans. In addition
our losses may increase in the future as we expand our manufacturing capabilities and fund our marketing plans and product development.
These losses
 among other things
 have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital
 total assets
 and
stockholders&rsquo; equity. If we are unable to achieve profitability
 the market value of our common stock would decline and
there would be a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

If
we suffer losses from operations
 our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business operations
as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available
on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce our level of operations
including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
 personnel and other operating expenses. These events could adversely affect our
business
 results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available or if they are not available on acceptable
terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
 take advantage of opportunities
 develop products or services or otherwise
respond to competitive pressures could be significantly limited.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.

As
previously mentioned
 the Company anticipates a closing of the sale of the Los Angeles plan to be completed in the summer 2018.
These actions may lead to certain charges including
 but not
limited to additional cash-related expenses
 non-cash impairment charges
 discontinued operations and/or other costs in connection
with exit and disposal activities. Such transactions will be recognized when appropriate and may require cash payments for obligations
such as one-time employee involuntary termination benefits
 lease and other contract termination costs
 costs to close facilities
employee relocation costs and ongoing benefit arrangements.


The
net of these charges and losses from operations may further decrease the shareholder equity and negatively impact the Company&rsquo;s
continued listing criteria with the NYSE. Should we not meet the criteria
 we believe the Company will be provided sufficient
time by the NYSE to meet the criteria. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet the listing criteria on acceptable
terms with the NYSE. The Company will continue to evaluate its options and apprise shareholders should these events occur.

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
or GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our financial statements including
various allowances and reserves for accounts receivable and inventories
 the estimated lives of long-lived assets and trademarks
and trademark licenses
 as well as claims and contingencies arising out of litigation or other transactions that occur in the
normal course of business. The following summarize our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:


    
    



Revenue
Recognition
 and collection
of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without
an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted
by management based on historical trends of returned items. Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included
in sales. The Company reimburses its wholesalers and retailers for promotional discounts
 samples
 and certain advertising and
promotional activities used in the promotion of the Company&rsquo;s products. The accounting treatment for the reimbursements
for samples and discounts to wholesalers results in a reduction in the net revenue line item. Reimbursements to wholesalers and
retailers for certain advertising activities are included in selling and marketing expenses.

.
The Company operates in one segment for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the &ldquo;Segment
Reporting&rdquo; Topic of the ASC
 the Company&rsquo;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive
Officer and President
 who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for
the entire Company. Existing guidance
 which is based on a management approach to segment reporting
 establishes requirements
to report selected segment information quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services
 major
customers
 and the countries in which the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify
for aggregation under &ldquo;Segment Reporting&rdquo; due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics;
nature of products and services; and procurement
 manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one
segment
 all financial information required by &ldquo;Segment Reporting&rdquo; can be found in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements

Long-Lived
Assets
the carrying value may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash
flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying
amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the year ended
December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized a $5
925
000 charge for impairments for its property and equipment in anticipation
of the sale of the Los Angeles plant to be completed in the summer 2018. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company
recognized a charge for impairments totaling $260
000 for obsolete equipment deemed no longer needed under the plans at that time
for the Los Angeles plant completion.

Intangible
assets
that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not
amortized but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate.
As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible
asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined
by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended December
31
 2016
 the Company recognized impairment charges related to its China Cola brand
 totaling $224
000. No impairment charges
were necessary during the year ended December 31
 2017.

Management
believes the accounting estimate related to impairment of our long lived assets
 including our trademark license and trademarks
is a &ldquo;critical accounting estimate&rdquo; because: (1) it is highly susceptible to change from period to period because
it requires management to estimate fair value
 which is based on assumptions about cash flows and discount rates; and (2) the
impact that recognizing an impairment would have on the assets reported on our balance sheet
 as well as net income
 could be
material. Management&rsquo;s assumptions about cash flows and discount rates require significant judgment because actual revenues
and expenses have fluctuated in the past and we expect they will continue to do so.

In
estimating future revenues
 we use internal budgets. Internal budgets are developed based on recent revenue data for existing
product lines and planned timing of future introductions of new products and their impact on our future cash flows.


    
    



Accounts
Receivable
where we become aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to us
 a specific reserve for
bad debts is estimated and recorded which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount our management believes will
ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on our historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value
of the inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory
based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production
requirements. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated
changes in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders
or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand
may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.

Stock-Based
Compensation. 
transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting
to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value
of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation on the straight-line basis over the vesting period.
The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative
guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a)
the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity
instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded
as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded
for the difference between the value already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances
where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based
compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing
model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options
or warrants
 and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option
Pricing model
 and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially
affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.

We
believe there have been no significant changes
 during the year ended December 31
 2017
 to the items disclosed as critical accounting
policies and estimates in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

See
Note 2 of the financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A.



    
    








Item
8. Financial Statements



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
    Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    



    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors
Reeds
Inc.
Los
Angeles
 California

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Reeds
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the
related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Weinberg
&amp; Company
 P.A.

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2004.

Los
Angeles
 California
April
2



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
BALANCE
SHEETS
DECEMBER
31
 2017 AND 2016




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
127
000
451
000

Accounts receivable
 net of allowance
    for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $601
000 and $256
000
 respectively
2
691
000
2
485
000

Inventory
 net of reserve for obsolescence
    of $509
000 and $115
000
 respectively
5
931
000
6
885
000

Prepaid expenses
    and other current assets
199
000
500
000

Total Current
    Assets
20
948
000
10
321
000

    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net of accumulated
    depreciation and impairment reserves of $9
339
000 and $4
863
000
 respectively
353
000
7
726
000

Equipment held for sale
 net
2
370
000
    

Intangible
    assets
805
000
805
000

Total
    assets
24
476
000
18
852
000

    
    
    

LIABILITIES AND
    STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
480
000
5
959
000

    
220
000
215
000

    
277
000
    

    
3
301
000
4
384
000

Current portion of capital leases
    payable
198
000
183
000

Current portion of long term financing
    obligation
222
000
190
000

Current portion
    of bank notes
6
947
000
953
000

Total current
    liabilities
18
645
000
11
884
000

    
    
    

Capital leases payable
 less current
    portion
236
000
438
000

Long term financing obligation
 less
    current portion
 net of discount of $714
000 and $825
000
 respectively
1
250
000
1
363
000

Bank notes
 less current portion
    
5
919
000

    
3
690
000
    

    
36
000
775
000

Other long
    term liabilities
111
000
130
000

Total
    Liabilities
23
968
000
20
509
000

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity (deficit):
    
    

Series A Convertible Preferred stock
    $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 shares issued and outstanding
94
000
94
000

Common stock
 $.0001 par value
 40
000
000
    shares authorized
 24
619
591 and 13
982
230 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
2
000
1
000

Common stock issuable
 400
000 shares
    payable
680
000
    

    
49
833
000
29
971
000

Accumulated
    deficit
(50
101
000
(31
723
000

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
508
000
(1
657
000

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
24
476
000
18
852
000



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
    

Net
    Sales
37
714
000
42
472
000

Cost
    of goods sold
30
821
000
33
230
000

Gross
    profit
6
893
000
9
242
000

    
    
    

Operating
    expenses:
    
    

Delivery
    and handling expense
3
942
000
3
902
000

Selling
    and marketing expense
3
021
000
3
701
000

General
    and administrative expense
5
754
000
3
954
000

Impairment
    of assets
5
925
000
484
000

Total
    operating expenses
18
642
000
12
041
000

    
    
    

Loss
    from operations
(11
749
000
(2
799
000

Interest
    expense
(3
491
000
(1
978
000

Financing
    costs and warrant modification
(2
776
000
    

Change
    in fair value of warrant liability
3
275
000
(232
000

Extinguishment
    of convertible note
(3
632
000
    

Net
    loss
(18
373
000
(5
009
000

    
    
    

Preferred
    Stock Dividends
(5
000
(5
000

Net
    loss attributable to common stockholders
(18
378
000
(5
014
000

    
    
    

Loss
    per share &ndash; basic and diluted
    
    

Weighted
    average number of shares outstanding &ndash; basic and diluted
14
775
828
13
619
930




The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





    
    
    
    
    
    
Total
    

    
Common
    Stock
&nbsp;
    
Common
    Stock Issuable
    
                                                                
Accumulated
    
    
                                                                

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
In
    Capital
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2015
13
160
860
1
000
9
411
94
000
    
    
27
399
000
(26
709
000
785
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of common stock issued for services
4
228
    
    
    
    
    
15
000
    
15
000

Common
    shares issued upon exercise of warrants
16
260
    
    
    
    
    
45
000
    
45
000

Common
    shares issued upon exercise of options
76
966
    
    
    
    
    
71
000
    
71
000

Fair
    value of vested options
    
    
    
    
    
    
658
000
    
658
000

Common
    shares issued upon sale of securities
722
412
    
    
    
    
    
1
687
000
    
1
687
000

Fair
    value vesting of warrants issued as debt discount
    
    
    
    
    
    
91
000
    
91
000

Series
    A preferred stock dividend
1
504
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
(5
000
    

Net
    Loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
009
000
(5
009
000

Balance
    December 31
 2016
13
982
230
1
000
9
411
94
000
    
    
29
971
000
(31
723
000
(1
657
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of common stock issued for services
62
365
    
    
    
    
    
99
000
    
99
000

Common
    shares issued for cash
117
647
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
    
200
000

Common
    shares issued for cash
 net of offering costs
9
333
333
1
000
    
    
    
    
12
886
000
    
12
887
000

Common
    shares issued upon exercise of warrants
1
122
376
    
    
    
    
    
1
650
000
    
1
650
000

Common
    stock issuable to the Board
    
    
    
    
400
000
680
000
    
    
680
000

Fair
    value of vesting of options to employees and directors
    
    
    
    
    
    
276
000
    
276
000

Premium
    related to the issuance of convertible note
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
423
000
    
1
423
000

Extinguishment
    of warrant liability
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
634
000
    
2
634
000

Fair
    value of warrants issued for financing costs
    
    
    
    
    
    
689
000
    
689
000

Series
    A preferred stock dividend
1
640
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
(5
000
    

Net
    Loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(18
373
000
(18
373
000

Balance
    December 31
 2017
24
619
591
2
000
9
411
94
000
400
000
680
000
49
833
000
(50
101
000
508
000




The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
    

Cash
    flows from operating activities:
    
    

Net
    loss
(18
373
000
(5
009
000

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
551
000
387
000

Amortization
    of debt discount
1
379
000
255
000

Fair
    value of vested stock options issued to employees
276
000
658
000

Common
    stock payable to the Board
680
000
    

Fair
    value of common stock issued for services
99
000
15
000

Fair
    value of warrants issued as financing costs
908
000
    

Cost
    of the modifications of warrants
1
868
000
    

(Decrease)
    increase in allowance for doubtful accounts
345
000
(100
000

Increase
    in inventory reserve
394
000
    

Increase
    in reserve for impairment of assets
5
925
000
484
000

Change
    in fair value of warrant liability
(3
275
000
232
000

Loss
    on extinguishment of debt
3
632
000
    

Loss
    on sale of equipment
63
000
    

Accrued
    interest on convertible note
290
000
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
(551
000
509
000

    
560
000
1
089
000

Prepaid
    expenses and other assets
301
000
269
000

Accounts
    payable
1
521
000
(1
499
000

Accrued
    expenses
34
000
17
000

Other
    long term liabilities
(49
000
160
000

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(3
422
000
(2
533
000

Cash
    flows from investing activities:
    
    

Purchase
    of property and equipment
(813
000
(410
000

Net
    cash used in investing activities
(813
000
(410
000

Cash
    flows from financing activities:
    
    

Advances
    from officers
 net
277
000
    

Proceeds
    from warrant exercises
1
650
000
116
000

Principal
    payments on capital expansion loan
(725
000
(375
000

Proceeds
    from sale of common stock
13
087
000
2
230
000

Proceeds
    from the issuance of convertible note
3
083
000
    

Principal
    repayments on long term financial obligation
(191
000
(160
000

Principal
    repayments on capital lease payable
(187
000
(174
000

Net
    repayments on line of credit
(1
083
000
(59
000

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
15
911
000
1
578
000

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash
11
676
000
(1
365
000

Cash
    at beginning of period
451
000
1
816
000

Cash
    at end of period
12
127
000
451
000

    
    
    

Supplemental
    disclosures of cash flow information:
    
    

Cash
    paid during the period for:
    
    

    
1
806
000
1
746
000

Non
    Cash Investing and Financing Activities
    
    

Property
    and equipment acquired through capital expansion loan
723
000
2
442
000

Property
    and equipment acquired through capital lease obligations
    
152
000

Reclass
    of property to equipment held for sale
4
370
000
    

Fair
    value of note discount issued as a derivitive
3
083
000
91
000

Fair
    value of warrants granted as debt discount
    
91
000

Dividends
    payable in common stock
5
000
5
000

Extinguishment
    of warrant liability
2
634
000
    

Premium
    related to the issuance of convertible note
1
423
000
    




The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2017 AND 2016



    
Operations
    and Liquidity




    
Nature
    of Operations


Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is the owner and maker of a leading portfolio of handcrafted
 natural beverages in the natural
and specialty foods industry
 selling to specialty gourmet
 natural food
 retail
 and convenience stores and restaurants nationwide
and internationally. The Company&rsquo;s two major core brands are Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Beer and Virgil&rsquo;s soda beverages.
Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are unique in the beverage industry
 being brewed
 not manufactured
 using fresh ginger
 spices and
fruits in a brewing process predating commercial soft drinks. Virgil&rsquo;s sodas include award winning Root Beer and other soft
drinks that are made using natural ingredients.



    
Cash
    and Liquidity 



The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year
ended December 31
 2017 the Company recorded a net loss of $18
373
000 and utilized cash in operations of $3
422
000.


As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had a cash balance of $12
127
000 and had available borrowing on our existing line of credit
of $1
012

its anticipated working capital requirements for the next twelve months. The Company&rsquo;s has a secured working capital facility
with $3.3 million of outstanding borrowings at December 31
 2017
 expiring in October 2018
 which we believe will be renewed and
or be replaced. In addition
 the Company&rsquo;s bank notes (&ldquo;Notes&rdquo;)
 totaling $6.9 million also become due in October
2018. The Company believes it can successfully restructure its debt before the Notes mature utilizing a combination of the cash
on hand and or the cash realized from sale of the plant facility and other assets . Furthermore
 the pending sale of the Company&rsquo;s
facility is expected to relieve the Company of its long term financial obligation.


Historically
we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred stock
 a line of credit
from a financial institution
 and cash generated from operations. We anticipate our primary capital source will be positive cash
flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe the Company can reduce its operating costs
and achieve positive cash flow from operations. However
 we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future
to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 or restructure
our debt as planned
 we may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them
or to fund our expansion
 marketing
 and product development plans. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain such financing
on acceptable terms
 or at all.



As
previously mentioned
 the Company anticipates a closing of the sale of the Los Angeles plan to be completed in the summer 2018.
These actions may lead to certain charges including
 but not limited to additional cash-related expenses
 non-cash impairment
charges
 discontinued operations and/or other costs in connection with exit and disposal activities. Such transactions will be
recognized when appropriate and may require cash payments for obligations such as one-time employee involuntary termination benefits
lease and other contract termination costs
 costs to close facilities
 employee relocation costs and ongoing benefit arrangements.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company satisfied a listing deficiency with the NYSE. The listing criteria required the
company to reach $6
000
000 in shareholder equity. During the year end review of reserves for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
impairment reserve on property and equipment
 and contingent liabilities the Company recognized non-cash adjustments that
took the company below the continued listing criteria. The Company will continue to work with the NYSE to explore all options
to remain listed should the NYSE find the Company deficient.



    
    




    
Significant
    Accounting Policies




    
Use
    of Estimates


The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and
intangibles
 realization of deferred tax assets
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments
issued for services.



    
Accounts
    Receivable


The
Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
Company becomes aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve
for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on the Company&rsquo;s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

The
allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables.
At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $601
000 and $256
000
respectively.



    
    


Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory.
We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily
on our estimated forecast of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand
for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes
in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a
reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand
may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.



    
Property
    and Equipment and Related Depreciation


Property
and equipment is stated at cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and
equipment or increase production capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense
as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:



Property
    and Equipment Type
    
Years
    of Depreciation 


    
    
39
    years


Machinery
    and equipment
    
5-12
    years


    
    
5
    years


Office
    equipment
    
5-7
    years



Management
assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the
Company recognized a $260
000 charge for impairments for certain equipment considered obsolete since it would no longer be needed
with the Los Angeles plant completion.


On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated
the Board of Directors will approve the offer&nbsp;and the sale will be completed&nbsp;in the summer of 2018. The letter
of intent offers the Company $1
250
000&nbsp;in cash for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the
Company will be relieved of the $1
400
000 long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the
Company has recorded an impairment charge totaling $5
925
000
 representing the difference between the offer terms and the net
book value of the assets to be sold and the relief of the long-term liability.






In
2016
 the Company established a reserve totaling $260
000 for obsolete equipment deemed no longer needed with the Los Angeles
plant completion.



    
    




    
Intangible
    Assets and Impairment Policy


Intangible
assets are comprised of indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate
these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate.
As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible
asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined
by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended December
31
 2016
 the Company recognized an impairment charge of $224
000 for the China Cola brand. There were no impairment charges incurred
during the year ended December 31
 2017.



    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s cash balances on deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000
at December 31
 2017. The Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts more than the insurance
limit. In assessing the risk
 the Company&rsquo;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions.
The Company had cash balances more than the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively;
and during the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 22% and 12% of its
sales
 respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who had balances totaling $823
000 and $450
000
respectively
 representing 25% and 14% of total accounts receivable
 respectively; and as of December 31
 2016
 the Company had
accounts receivable due from one customer who comprised $719
000 (25%) of its total accounts receivable. No other customer accounted
for more than 10% of accounts receivable in either year.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company had utilized three separate co-pack packers for most its production and bottling
of beverage products in the Eastern United States. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted our own brewery
and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.

During
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 20% and 26%
 respectively
of its total purchases. At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts payable due to one vendor who comprised 20% of its total
accounts payable. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had accounts payable due to two vendors who comprised 13% and 10% of its total
accounts payable. No other account was more than 10% of the balance of accounts payable in either year.



    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments


The
Company uses various inputs in determining the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial
assets recorded at fair value in the balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used
to measure their fair value. Authoritative guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the
amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these financial assets:


    
    


Level
1&mdash;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2&mdash;Inputs
 other than the quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3&mdash;Unobservable inputs based on the Company&rsquo;s assumptions.

The
carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank
loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments. The carrying values of capital lease obligations
 convertible note
 and long-term financing obligations approximate
their fair values since the interest rates on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates. The fair value
of the warrant liability was estimated using Level 2 inputs to estimate the liability at December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaling $36
000
and of $775
000
 respectively.



    
Cost
    of Goods Sold


Cost
of goods sold is comprised of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists
of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production
supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor
and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred.
Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished
goods produced. Expenses not related to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.



    
Delivery
    and Handling Expense


Shipping
and handling costs are comprised of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
and other costs associated with product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
Income
    Taxes


The
Company uses an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and
measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and
liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance
is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to
realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to recognize interest and/or
penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.



    
Revenue
    Recognition


Revenue
is recognized on the sale of a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably
assured
 which generally occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit
acceptance procedures performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical
trends of returned items. Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.

The
Company accounts for certain sales incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales
incentives for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 were approximately $4
004
000 and $3
726
000
 respectively.


    
    




    
Net
    Loss Per Share


Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net
income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of
additional common shares that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury
stock method. Potential common shares are excluded from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.

For
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential
dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

Convertible
    note
2
266
667
    

    
7
325
282
803
909

Series
    A Preferred Stock
37
644
37
644

    
677
500
1
048
500

    
10
307
093
1
890
053






    
Advertising
    Costs


Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling expense in the amount of $491
000 and $254
000
 for the years ended
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



    
Stock
    Compensation Expense


The
Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for
services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based
on the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured
on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts
for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB
whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a
performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete.
Options granted to non-employees are revalued each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the
respective period. As the options vest
 they are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference
between the value already recorded and the then current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are
no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation
charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing
model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options
or warrants
 and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could
materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.


    
    




O)
    
    


In
presenting the Company&rsquo;s Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company previously included a
$260
000 charge for obsolete equipment in cost of goods sold and also included $254
000 of the amortization of a debt discount
with respect to certain warrants in general and administrative expenses. In presenting the Company&rsquo;s Statement of Operations
for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company has reclassified the charge for the obsolete equipment to Impairment
of assets and the amortization of the debt discount in interest expense.



    
Recent
    Accounting Pronouncements 


In
May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition
guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Under ASU
2014-09
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that
reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition
 the standard
requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
The FASB has recently issued ASU 2016-08
 ASU 2016-10
 ASU 2016-11
 ASU 2016-12
 and ASU 2016-20 all of which clarify certain
implementation guidance within ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
2017. The standard can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application
(the cumulative catch-up transition method). The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to
determine the impact of adopting this new guidance on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows but does not
believe the adoption of this standard will have a material effect
 if any. The Company will adopt the provisions of this statement
in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest
period presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to
determine the impact of adopting this new guidance on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows. The Company
will adopt the provisions of this statement in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and believes that the adoption of this pronouncement
will not have a material effect if any.

In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic
480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part
II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and
Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2017-11&rdquo;). ASU 2017-11
allows companies to exclude a down round feature when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature)
is considered indexed to the entity&rsquo;s own stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with
down round features may no longer be required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value
of a down round feature only when it is triggered
 and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding
financial instruments
 an entity will treat the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income
available to common shareholders in computing basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features
containing down round provisions
 entities will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be
amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective
approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results
of operations
 and cash flows.


    
    


Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants
 and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
on the Company&rsquo;s present or future consolidated financial statements.



    
    


Inventory
is valued at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

Raw
    Materials and Packaging
2
670
000
3
874
000

Finished
    Goods
3
261
000
3
011
000

    
5
931
000
6
885
000





The
Company has prepaid for glass raw materials at year end which will not be used until the following year. Total prepaid inventory
at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 totaled $40
000 and $294
000
 respectively. The Company has recorded an obsolescence reserve for
potentially slow moving and obsolete inventory. The reserve at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 totaled $509
000 and $115
000
 respectively.



    
Property
    and Equipment


Property
and equipment is comprised of the following:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

    
1
107
000
1
107
000

    
2
360
000
1
875
000

    
568
000
600
000

    
4
924
000
3
696
000

    
226
000
226
000

    
507
000
475
000

Construction
    In Progress
    
4
610
000

    
9
692
000
12
589
000

    
(5
414
000
(4
603
000

Impairment
    reserve
(3
925
000
(260
000

    
353
000
7
726
000




On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
current officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant.
It is anticipated the Board of Directors will approve the offer and the sale will be completed in the summer of 2018. The
letter of intent offers the Company $1
250
000 in cash&nbsp;for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
the Company will be relieved of the $1
400
000 long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
the Company has recorded an impairment charge totaling $5
925
000
 representing the difference between the offer terms and the
net book value of the assets to be sold and the relief of the long-term liability.


In
2016
 the Company established a reserve totaling $260
000 for obsolete equipment deemed no longer needed with the Los Angeles
plant completion.


Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaled $551
000 and $387
000
 respectively.


Accumulated
depreciation on equipment held under capital leases totaled $414
000 and $226
000 as of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively.
(See 


    
    




Equipment
held for sale consists of the following:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

Equipment
    held for sale
4
370
000
    

    
(2
000
000
    

Net
    book value
2
370
000
    




In
2017
) by at least $300
000 from
the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when the sale should occur. In January 2018
 equipment with no book value was sold
for $312
000 and the CAPEX Loan was repaid for this amount.




    
Intangible
    Assets


Intangible
assets consist of trademarks for the Company&rsquo;s brand names:





    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

    
576
000
576
000

Sonoma
    Sparkler
229
000
229
000

Brand
    names
805
000
805
000




Virgil&rsquo;s
and Sonoma Sparkler brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually.
For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized an impairment charge
 completely writing off its China Cola Brand
totaling $224
000. No impairment charge was incurred for the year ended December 31
 2017.



    
Line
    of Credit and Bank Notes


The
Company has a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (&ldquo;PMC&rdquo;) that provides a $6
000
000
revolving line of credit
 a $3
000
000 term loan and a Capital Expansion loan up to $4
700
000. The loans are secured by substantially
all the assets of the Company and were due on January 1
 2019. As a condition to PMC&rsquo;s approval of the transaction described
in 
 and the Purchaser&rsquo;s subordinated security interest
 on April 21
 2017
the Company and PMC entered into Amendment Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement changing the Revolving
Line of Credit Maturity Date
 Term Loan Maturity Date
 Cap Ex Loan Maturity Date and Term Loan B Maturity Date from January 1
2019
 to October 21
 2018.


    
    



The
Line of Credit and Bank Notes are as follows:

Revolving
Line of Credit - 
000
000 revolving line of credit that was expanded by an additional $630
000
to accommodate prepaid inventory. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was
$3
301
000 and $4
384
000
 respectively.

There
is a monthly management fee of .45% of the average monthly loan balance.

The
revolving line of credit is based on 85% of accounts receivable and 60% of eligible inventory and is secured by substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had $1
012
000 of borrowing availability under the line
of credit agreement. The line of credit matures on October 21
 2018 and is not subject to pre-payment penalty.

Bank
Notes
 2017 and 2016:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

    
    
    

Term
    Loans
3
000
000
3
000
000

CAPEX
    loan
3
947
000
3
950
000

Valuation
    discount
    
(78
000

    
6
947
000
6
872
000

Current
    portion
(6
947
000
(953
000

Long
    term portion
    
5
919
000




Term
Loans: In connection with the Loan and Security Agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into two Term Loans of $1
500
000 each
for an aggregate borrowing of $3
000
000. The term loans are secured by all of the unencumbered assets of the Company and are
due October 21
 2018. The annual interest rate on the loans are discussed below. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the amount
outstanding was $3
000
000 and $3
000
000 respectively.

Capital
Expansion (&ldquo;CAPEX&rdquo;) Loan: In connection with the Loan and Security Agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into a
Capital expansion loan which
 after amendment
 allows for total borrowings of $4
700
000. The loans are secured by all of the
property and equipment purchased under the loan. The interest rate on the CAPEX loan is the prime rate plus 5.75% (9.5% at December
31
 2017). The entire CAPEX loan is due October 21
 2018. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the balance on the CAPEX loan was $3
947
000
and $3
950
000 respectively
 and as of December 31
 2017
 the Company had no further borrowing availability.

In
2017
 the Company agreed to pre-pay the CAPEX Loan by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when
the sale should occur. In January 2018
 $312
000 of equipment was sold and the CAPEX Loan was repaid for this amount.


    
    


Valuation
Discount (Issuance of Warrants upon Amendments): In prior years
 the Company issued 225
000 warrants to PMC in connection with
the restructuring of the notes. The aggregate value of the warrants was valued at $179
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option
pricing model and was recorded as a valuation discount and has been amortized over the term loans. On December 7
 2016
 the Company
agreed to reprice the exercise price of 175
000 common stock purchase warrants granted. The incremental value of the PMC warrants
before and after the modification of $38
000 is being amortized over the remaining term of the loans. As of December 31
 2016
the unamortized balance of the loans was $78
000. During the year ended 2017
 the remaining unamortized balance was fully amortized.

Interest
Rates

Notwithstanding
the other borrowing terms above
 if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving line of credit remains more than
$1
500
000 at all times during the preceding month (currently the Company has no further Borrowing Availability) the additional
interest rate for all loans will be eliminated. The following chart summarizes borrowing rates for the loans as of December 31
2017:




    
Base
    Interest Rate
    
in
                                         Prime
Current
    Original rate
Additional
    Interest
Current
    rate

Line
    of Credit (Prime Plus)
    
    
    
    
    

Term
    A
    
    
    
    
    

Term
    B
    
    
    
    
    

CAPEX
    Loan
    
    
    
    
    




There
is a .45% monthly monitoring fee for the line of credit. When added to current rate
 the current annual rate on the line of credit
is approximately 13.25%.



    
Capital
    Leases Payable


The
Company leases equipment for its brewery operations with an aggregate value of $944
000 under nine non-cancelable capital leases.
Monthly payments range from $341 to $10
441 per month
 including interest
 at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.31% per
annum. The Company&rsquo;s total payment obligation for the leases aggregates $19
000 per month at December 31
 2017. The leases
expire at various dates through 2021.


    
    


Future
minimum lease payments under capital leases are as follows:




Years
    Ending December 31

    

    
227
000

    
188
000

    
59
000

    
2
000

Total
    payments
476
000

Less:
    Amount representing interest
(42
000

Present
    value of net minimum lease payments
434
000

Less:
    Current portion
(198
000

Non-current
    portion
236
000







(8)
    
Long
    Term Financing Obligation


Long
term financing obligation is comprised of the following:




    
December
    31


    
    
    

Financing
    obligation
2
186
000
2
378
000

Valuation
    discount
(714
000
(825
000

Net
    long term financing obligation
1
472
000
1
553
000

Less
    current portion
(222
000
(190
000

Long
    term financing obligation
1
250
000
1
363
000




On
June 15
 2009
 the Company closed escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into
a long-term lease agreement for the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase
the buildings and brewery equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of
the fair market value or an agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company
determined it had continuing involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted
for as a long-term financing. The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 were originally recorded as a financing obligation
in the amount of $3
056
000. Monthly payments under the financing agreement of approximately $35
000 are recorded as interest
expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation was personally guaranteed
up to a limit of $150
000 by former Chief Executive Officer and current Chief Innovation Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.

In
connection with the financing obligation and subsequent amendments
 the Company issued an aggregate of 600
000 warrants to purchase
its common stock. The 600
000 warrants were valued at an aggregate amount of $1
336
000 and were recorded as a valuation discount
at the date of issuance
 and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. The balance of the unamortized
valuation discount at December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $714
000 and $825
000
 respectively. Amortization of valuation discount was
$110
000 for each of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


    
    


The
aggregate amount due under the financing obligation at December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $2
186
000 and $2
378
000
 respectively.
Aggregate future obligations under the financing obligation are as follows:




    
    

    
222
000

    
259
000

    
299
000

    
344
000

    
395
000

    
667
000

    
2
186
000







    
Convertible
    Note to a Related Party


The
Convertible Note to a Related Party consists of the following:




    
December
    31


    
    
    

12%
    Convertible Note Payable
3
400
000
    

Accrued
    Interest
290
000
    

Convertible
    Note Payable
 Net
3
690
000
    




On
April 21
 2017 (&ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (&ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
 the
Company sold and issued a secured
 convertible
 subordinated
 non-redeemable note in the principal amount of $3
400
000 (&ldquo;Note&rdquo;)
and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock (&ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;) to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;).
Raptor/Harbor Reeds owns 27.64% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at December 31
 2017. The Note bears interest at a rate of
12% per annum
 compounded monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The Note is secured by a second priority security interest
in the Company&rsquo;s assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC
(&ldquo;PMC&rdquo;). The Note matures on the two-year anniversary of the Closing date and may not be prepaid. After 180 days
the Note may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into 1
133
333 shares of common stock of the Company (&ldquo;Conversion
Shares&rdquo;). Wunderlich Securities
 the Company&rsquo;s placement agent
 received a fee of $160
000 for placement agency services.
In addition
 the Company incurred other direct costs of $157
000 resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $3
083
000.

The
Warrant Shares will expire on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date and have an exercise price equal to $4.00. The Warrant
Shares will not be exercisable until 180 days after the Closing date. The Note and Warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions
and the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares are subject to a registration rights agreement. The investor was granted a right
to participate in future financing transactions of the Company for a term of two years. In addition
 the warrants issued to the
investor included a fundamental transaction provision
 and
 as such
 were accounted for as warrant liability. Upon their issuance
the fair value of these warrants was determined to be $3
302
000 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (see Note
10 for further discussion of warrant liability). In accordance with the current accounting guidance $3
083
000 of this amount
was recorded as a valuation discount
 and the excess of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance date over the
amount allocated to valuation discount of $219
000 was accounted for as a financing cost. As such
 the Company recognized a debt
discount at the dates of issuance in the aggregate amount of $3
400
000 related to the fair value of the warrant liability of
$3
083
000 and cash offering costs of $317
000. The debt discount is to be amortized over the term of the note. Amortization of
the note discount through December 12
 2017 was $1
191
000 and the unamortized debt discount at that date was $2
209
000.


    
    


On
April 19
 2017
 three accredited investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation
rights in the Company&rsquo;s financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017
financing. In consideration
 these investors&rsquo; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of
two years. In addition
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price
from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187
000 was accounted for as an increase in the fair value
of the warrant liabilities as of the date of modification and recorded as a cost of warrant modification. In addition
 the Company
also issued five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 210
111 shares of common stock at the exercise price of $3.00 to these
investors. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution provisions and included a fundamental transaction provision
and were accounted for as warrant liability. As such
 the fair value of the new warrants of $571
000 was accounted for as a warrant
liability and a financing cost at the issue date. Fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.

On
July 13
 2017
 the Company entered into warrant exercise agreements with the investors to reprice the warrants to purchase 1
416
667
related to the Purchase Agreement and the 210
111 shares of our common stock discussed above.

On
December 12
 2017
 in connection with the reduction of the offering price in the Rights Offering (Note 11) to $1.50
 the Company
entered into an amendment to the Note further reducing the conversion price of the Note to $1.50. The Company analyzed whether
the modifications of the conversion price of the Note would require application of the provisions of ASC Topic 470-50
 Accounting
for Modification [or Exchange] of Convertible Debt Instruments (&ldquo;ASC 470-50&rdquo;). Based on the Company&rsquo;s analysis
the Company determined that such modification resulted in a change of more than 10% of the fair value of the Note
 and as such
accounted for the transaction as an extinguishment. Extinguishment accounting requires the removal of old liability at carrying
value and the establishment of the new note at fair value. The Company retained an independent third-party valuation firm to calculate
for the fair value of the new note using discounted cash flow and Black Scholes methods and determined the fair value to be $4
823
000.
As such
 the original Note of $3
400
000 and corresponding unamortized discount of $2
209
000 was eliminated. Simultaneously
the new Note of $3
400
000 was recorded and a corresponding premium of $1
423
000
 representing the excess of the fair value over
the face value of the Note
 was recorded to additional paid in capital in capital. The loss realized in connection with the extinguishment
of the Note totaled $3
632
000 and is reflected in the accompanying Statement of Operations.



    
Warrant
    Liability


Various
stock sales made by the Company to finance operations have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Some of these warrant
agreements contain fundamental transaction provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant
holders. For accounting purposes

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 those warrants with
fundamental transaction terms are accounted for as liabilities given the terms may give rise to an obligation of the Company to
the warrant holders. These liabilities are measured at fair value at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is
recognized in earnings in the accompanying Statements of Operations.


    
    


The
fair value of the warrant liability was determined at the following reporting
 issuance
 and modification dates using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model and the following assumptions:




    
As
                                         of December
31
                                         2016
Upon
    Issuance April 21
 2017
Upon
    Modification April 21
 2017
Upon
    Modification July 13
 2017
As
                                         of December
31
                                         2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    Price
    
    
    
    
    

Risk
    free interest rate
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    Volitility
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    life in years
    
    
    
&nbsp;4.77
                                         to 4.89 
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    
    
    
    
    

Number
    of Warrants
418
909
1
626
778
280
147
1
906
925
138
762

&nbsp;Fair
    Value of Warrants
775
000
3
873
000
187
000
1
109
000
36
000





(1)
Warrant valuation on December 31
 2016 for 418
909 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions.

(2)
On April 21
 2017 and April 19
 2017
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares and 210
111 shares
 respectively
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in connection with the Company&rsquo;s issuance of the Convertible Note. The warrants included
fundamental transaction provisions resulting in the total fair value of $3
873
000 to be classified as an increase to the warrant
liability. On July 13
 2017
 these warrants were repriced as discussed below.

(3)
On April 19
 2017
 three accredited investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold
participation rights in the Company&rsquo;s financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the
April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
 these investors&rsquo; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for
a period of two years. In addition
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by
one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187
000 on the modification
date was reported as an increase to the warrant liability.

(4)
On July 13
 2017
 the Company entered into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in
our financing transactions to reprice warrants to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&rsquo; exercise
prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to $1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification of
the warrants resulted in an incremental charge of $1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to
a &ldquo;fundamental transaction
&rdquo; eliminating the need to classify the warrants as a warrant liability.

Upon
modification
 the investors exercised warrants into 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share resulting
in proceeds to the Company of $1
650
000. The fair value of the warrant liability for these warrants at the date of exercise was
$1
601
000 and was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital. At the same date
 the Company and the
holders of the remaining warrants agreed to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause for the remaining 784
549
investor warrants
 where the definition became dependent on obtaining board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability
classification of warrants. Accordingly
 the fair value of these warrants totaling $1
033
000 was reclassified from the warrant
liability to additional paid in capital.

(5)
Warrant valuation on December 31
 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair
value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

The
risk-free interest rate used in the calculations was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses
the historical volatility of its common stock to estimate the expected volatility. The expected life of the warrants was determined
by the remaining contractual life of the warrant instrument. The expected dividend yield was determined to be zero since the Company
has not paid dividends to its common stockholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to its common stockholders
in the future.



    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity


Series
Series A Preferred stock consists of $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 there were 9
411 shares outstanding
 with
a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share. Each share of Series A Preferred stock can be converted into four shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
    


The
Series A Preferred shares have a 5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole
and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. The Company
cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of the
preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of the preferred
stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis with the holders of our
common stock.

In
the event of any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event (as defined in
the Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock)
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more senior securities
if any
 the holders of Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any junior securities
 $10.00
per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall be distributed pro rata among all security
holders. Since June 30
 2008
 the Company has the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Series A
preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
 which was $10.00
 plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends.

The
Series A preferred stock may be converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such
stock is redeemed
 into four shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 and similar transactions. The Company is obligated to reserve authorized
but unissued shares of common stock enough such shares to affect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred
stock.

Except
as provided by law
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without
limitation
 the election of directors. However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 the Company
shall not
 without first obtaining the approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize
or issue any equity security having a preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption
or voting
 including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred
stock.

The


which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 1
640 shares and 1
504 shares of its common stock
 respectively
during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. No shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into common stock in 2017
and 2016.

Common
Common stock consists of $.0001 par value
 40
000
000 shares authorized
 and 24
619
591 shares and 13
982
230
shares outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Common
Stock Issued in Connection with the Rights Offering &ndash; 
 in the Rights Offering
 the Company offered
the distribution of rights to purchase up to $14 million of units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
 par value $0.001 per share and one-half warrant to purchase common stock. Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company
sold an aggregate of 9
333
333 units consisting of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares
of common stock
 with each warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. The net
proceeds to the Company was $12
887
000 after deducting all offering costs and dealer-manager fees and expenses.

On
December 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with
Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;) whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from the Company a minimum of $6 million
of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions.
Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right and over-subscription privilege as a rights holder in the Rights
Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do so.


    
    


As
compensation for the backstop commitment and subject to the closing of the Rights Offering
 the Company issued to Raptor
 five-year
warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Based on the completion of the Rights Offering
because the offering was oversubscribed
 Raptor did not purchase any unregistered units in a private placement under the provisions
of the Backstop Agreement. In connection with the offering
 the Company also agreed to register the shares of common stock underlying
the units (including shares of common stock underlying the warrants contained in the units) and shares of common stock underlying
the backstop warrants. The Company registered the shares in February 2018.

Common
Stock Issued Pursuant to a Dealer-Manager Agreement in the Rights Offering - 
 2017
 the Company entered into
a dealer-manager agreement (&ldquo;DM Agreement&rdquo;) with Maxim Group LLC (&ldquo;Maxim&rdquo;) in connection with the Rights
Offering.

In
connection with the DM Agreement
 the Company agreed to pay to Maxim as the dealer-manager
 a cash fee equal to: (i) 7% of the
gross proceeds received by the Company directly from exercises of the subscription rights
 other than from exercises by our officers
and directors or Raptor /Harbor Reed&rsquo;s SPV LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;)
 (ii) 4% of the gross proceeds received from certain
investors having prior existing relationships with the Company
 and (iii) 2% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from
the backstop commitment
 as described below
 or from Raptor&rsquo;s exercise of the subscription rights. The Company paid Maxim
$830
000 for it DM agreement and an additional $75
000 for expenses for a total of $905
000.

Additionally
the Company has granted to Maxim the right of participation to act as book runner or co-manager with at least 25.0% of the economics
for any and all future equity
 equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings undertaken during such period
by the Company or any of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries or successor entities until December 11
 2018.

The
Company has agreed to indemnify Maxim and its respective affiliates against certain liabilities arising under the Securities Act
of 1933
 as amended. Maxim&rsquo;s participation in the offering is subject to customary conditions contained in the DM Agreement
including the receipt by Maxim of an opinion of the Company&rsquo;s counsel. Maxim and its affiliates may also provide to the
Company from time to time in the future
 in the ordinary course of their business
 certain financial advisory
 investment banking
and other services for which Maxim will be entitled to receive fees.

Common
Stock Issued in Connection with the Sale of Shares - 
 the Company sold 117
647 shares of its common stock to a member
of the board of directions valued at $1.70 per share with total proceeds $200
000.

In
connection with the exercise of investor warrants
 the Company issued 1
122
376 shares of its common stock at $1.50 per share
with gross proceeds of $1
650
000.

In
2016
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with institutional investors in a private financing transaction
for the issuance and sale of 692
412 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and warrants to purchase 346
206 shares of common
stock. The Company also sold 30
000 shares of its common stock to certain officers of the Company at $3.90 per share with total
proceeds of $117
000. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the shares totaled $1
687
000 after deducting underwriting
discounts
 commissions and offering expenses.

Common
Stock Issued for Services - 
 2017
 the Company issued 58
065 shares of its common stock
to certain members of the board of directors valued at $1.55 per share with an aggregate value of $90
000 for services rendered.
The Company also issued 4
300 shares of its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value
of $9
000 for services rendered.

During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 4
228 shares of common stock for consulting services valued at an aggregate
value of $15
000 for services rendered.

Common
Stock Issuable &ndash; 
 2018
 the Company issued to the independent members of its board of directors issued
400
000 shares of common stock valued at $1.70 per share totaling $680
000 for services provided in 2017. These shares have been
reflected as Common Stock Issuable at December 31
 2017 in the accompanying Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity.


    
    




    
Stock
    Options and Warrants


Stock
Options &ndash; 
 the Company had three equity plans in place to incentivize performance by employees
 directors
and consultants: The 2007 Stock Option Plan
 the 2015 Incentive and Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan
 and in 2017 the Company adopted
the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (the &ldquo;Plans&rdquo;). In 2017
 the 2007 plan expired. No new options will be granted
under the 2007 plan. The options under the 2015 and 2017 Plans shall be granted from time to time by the Board of Directors. Individuals
eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options
shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number
of options authorized is 500
000 and 3
000
000
 respectively for the Plans.

Stock
option activity consists of the following:




    
    
    
Average
                                         Exercise Price
    
Average
                                         Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
Aggregate
    Intrinsic Value

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2015
980
000
    
    
    

    
172
500
    
    
    

    
(84
000
    
    
    

Forfeited
    or expired
(20
000
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
1
048
500
    
    
61
000

    
60
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(431
000
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
677
500
    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2017
475
400
    
    
    




During
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company granted 60
000 and 172
500 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $2.20 and $4.01
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The fair value
of the options granted during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $39
000 and $714
000
 respectively.

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during 2017 and 2016 was $.65 and $4.01
 respectively. The fair value
of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions
noted in the following table. For purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding
period is used. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield
in effect at the time of the grant.


    
    






    
Year
    ended

    
December
    31


    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    

Expected
    dividends
    
    

Expected
    average term (in years)
    
    

Risk
    free rate - average
    
    

Forfeiture
    rate
    
    




The
aggregate fair value of the options vesting
 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $276
000
and $658
000
 respectively
 and has been reported as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2017
 the aggregate value of unvested
options was $795
000 which will be amortized as compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 to 4 years.

During
the year ended December 31
 2016 there were 84
000 options exercised into 76
966 shares of common stock at an average price of
$1.37. Most of these exercises were cash-less; however
 the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $71
000.
There were no options exercised in 2017.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the aggregate intrinsic values of $0
 for both outstanding and exercisable options
 was calculated as the
difference between the Company&rsquo;s market price of $1.55 and the exercise price.

Additional
information regarding options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31
 2017
 is as follows:




    
Options
                                         Outstanding
Options
                                         Exercisable

Range
    of Exercise Price
Number
                                         of Shares Outstanding
Weighted
                                         Average Exercise Price
Weighted
                                         Average Remaining Contractual Life (years)
Number
                                         of Shares Exercisable
Weighted
                                         Average Exercise Price

    
202
500
    
    
115
400
    

$4.00
    - $5.39
475
000
    
    
360
000
    

    
677
500
    
    
475
400
    





A
summary of the status of the Company&rsquo;s non-vested shares granted under the Company&rsquo;s stock option plan as of December
31
 2017 and changes during the year then ended is as follows:




    
    
Weighted-
    Average Grant Date Fair Value

Nonvested
    at December 31
 2016
504
966
    

    
60
000
    

    
68
134
    

    
(431
000
    

Nonvested
    at December 31
 2017
202
100
    






    
    


On
January 10
 2018
 pursuant to its employment agreement dated June 28
 2017 with Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
 the
Company&rsquo;s board of directors granted to Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371
218 shares
of stock. The securities are to be issued pursuant to Reed&rsquo;s 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. The options will have an
exercise price of $1.70. Other terms of the granted securities will be set by the Company&rsquo;s compensation committee in compliance
with the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan.



Warrant
activity is as follows:




    
    
    
Average
                                         Exercise Price
    
Average
                                         Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
Aggregate
    Intrinsic Value

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
2015
341
261
    
    
152
000

    
478
909
    
    
    

    
(16
260
    
    
    

Forfeited
    or expired
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
803
909
    
    
26
000

    
7
643
749
    
    
    

    
(1
122
376
    
    
    

Forfeited
    or expired
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
7
325
282
    
    
115
955

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2017
1
395
246
    
    
78
374





Stock
sales made by the Company to finance operations have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. For warrants issued in connection
with these transactions see 


    
    


The
aggregate intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between the closing market price
 which was $1.55
 and the exercise
price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock warrants as of December 31
 2017.

On
April 21
 2017 (&ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 in connection with the issuance of a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable
 above)
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares
of common stock (&ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;) to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;). The Warrant Shares will
expire on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date and originally had an exercise price equal to $4.00 which was subsequently
repriced on July 13
 2017 as discussed below. The Warrant Shares will not be exercisable until 180 days after the Closing date.
The Note and Warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions and the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares are subject to a
registration rights agreement. The investor was granted a right to participate in future financing transactions of the Company
for a term of two years.

On
April 19
 2017
 three accredited investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation
rights in the Company&rsquo;s financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017
financing. In consideration
 these investors&rsquo; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of
two years. In addition
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise
price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187
000 was accounted for as an increase in the fair
value of the warrant liabilities as of the date of modification and recorded as a cost of warrant modification. In addition
 the
Company also issued five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 210
111 shares of common stock at the exercise price of $3.00
to these investors. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution provisions and included a fundamental transaction
provision and were accounted for as warrant liability. As such
 the fair value of the new warrants of $571
000 was accounted for
as a warrant liability and a financing cost at the issue date. The fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option
pricing model.

On
July 13
 2017
 the Company entered into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our
financing transactions to reprice warrants to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&rsquo; exercise prices
were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to $1.50 per share
 The Company determined the incremental cost before and after the modification
of the warrants resulted in an incremental charge of $1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining
to a &ldquo;fundamental transaction&rdquo; eliminating the need to classify the warrants as warrant liabilities. Upon modification
the investors exercised warrants into 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share resulting in proceeds to
the Company of $1
650
000. The Company&rsquo;s modification of the fundamental transaction clause enabled the remaining investor
warrants of 784
549 with a fair value of $1
033
000 to be reclassified from a liability to equity.

Additionally
as part of the warrant exercise agreements
 the Company issued to the investors
 pro rata based on the number of shares each investor
exercised
 a second tranche of warrants to purchase 512
560 shares of our common stock and on July 19
 2017 a third tranche of
warrants to purchase 87
745 shares of our common stock. The second tranche of warrants have a term of 5 years
 may be exercised
commencing six months after issuance and have an exercise price of $2.00. The third tranche of warrants were exercisable immediately
upon issuance for a term of 5 years and have an exercise price of $1.55. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution
provisions. The aggregate fair value of the new warrants totaling $689
000 was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option
pricing model with a volatility of 53.75% an interest free rate of 1.65% and a stock price of $2.35. The fair value of the warrants
was reported as a financing costs on their respective issuance dates. Financing warrant costs totaled $1
480
000 for the year
ended December 31
 2017.

On
December 28
 2017
 in connection with the Rights Offering
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
with each warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share.

On
December 28
 2017 as compensation for the backstop commitment and subject to the closing of the Rights Offering
 the Company issued
to Raptor
 five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 with each warrant exercisable
for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $1.50 per share.


    
    


On
June 2
 2016
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 346
206 shares of common stock in connection with the common stock offering.
The warrants have an exercise price of $4.25 per share and a term of 5 years. In addition
 the Company granted Maxim Group LLC
who acted as the placement agent for the offering warrants to purchase up to 72
703 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of $3.74 and are exercisable for a term of 5 years.

During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 16
260 warrants were exercised into 16
260 shares of common stock for $45
000.

Warrants
outstanding at December 31
 2017 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates are as follows:




As
    of December 31
 2016
As
    of December 31
 2017

    
    
Expiration
    Dates
    
    
Expiration
    Dates

    
    
    
    
    
    

200
000
    
    
200
000
    
    

125
000
    
    
125
000
    
    

10
000
    
    
10
000
    
    

50
000
    
    
50
000
    
    

418
909
&nbsp;$
                                         3.74 - 4.25 
    
138
762
&nbsp;$
                                         3.74 - 4.25 
    

    
    
    
784
549
    
    

    
    
    
600
305
&nbsp;$
                                         1.55 - 2.00 
    

    
    
    
4
666
666
    
    

    
    
    
750
000
    
    

803
909
    
    
7
325
282
    
    






    
Income
    Taxes


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable
income. The amounts available were approximately $34.8 million and $21.3 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $18.2
million and $14.5 million for state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2034 and the state carryforward
expires in 2019. Given the Company&rsquo;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than
not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized
a deferred tax asset for this benefit.


Due
to the restrictions imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership of companies with
loss carry forwards
 the utilization of the Company&rsquo;s NOL may be limited to statutory limits as a result of recent
change in stock ownership. NOLs incurred subsequent to the latest change in control
 are not subject to the limitation.

The
Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not have a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits.

The
Company recognizes as income tax expense
 interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Tax years 2010 through 2017 remain open
to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.


    
    


Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated
with the use of the carryforwards and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.

Significant
components of the Company&rsquo;s deferred income tax assets are as follows:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31 2016

Deferred
    income tax asset:
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforward
8
927
000
10
325
000

Accounts
    receivable allowances
227
000
    

Inventory
    reserves
148
000
    

Reserve
    on asset impairment
655
000
    

Total
    deferred tax asset
9
957
000
10
325
000

Valuation
    allowance
(9
957
000
(10
325
000

Net
    deferred income tax asset
    
    





Reconciliation
of the effective income tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

Federal
    Statutory tax rate
    
    

State
    tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

Effect
    of change in tax rate
    
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    

Effective
    tax rate
    
    






    
Commitments
    and Contingencies


Lease
Commitments

The
Company has leased warehouse space under non-cancelable operating leases in the past and is currently leasing facilities on a
month to month basis. Rental expense under these agreements and other operating leases for the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016 totaled $56
000 and $54
000
 respectively.

Other
Commitments

The
Company has entered into contracts with customers with clauses committing the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the
agreement early or without cause. The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&rsquo;s products
to a defined type of retailer within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically
renew the agreements without cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
2017 and 2016
 the Company has no
plans to terminate or not renew any agreement with any of their customers; accordingly
 no such fees have been accrued in the
accompanying financial statements.


    
    


Legal
Proceedings

From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

We
believe there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims
cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse
impact on our financial position
 liquidity
 or results of operations.



    
Related
    Party Activity


During
the year
 Judy Reed
 wife of Christopher J. Reed
 served as Corporate Secretary along with being a member of the Board of Directors.
Her replacement to the board was elected November 29
 2017 and she has agreed to remain as Corporate Secretary. Complete compensation
information follows below in Part III.

In
2017
 Chris Reed (the former CEO and current CIO)
 Robert Reed (the brother of Chris Reed
 CIO)
 and Dan Miles (CFO)
 collectively
advanced $571
000 to the Company for working capital uses. In 2017
 the Company repaid $240
000 to Robert Reed and subsequent
to year end
 in January 2018
 the remaining balance was repaid to Chris Reed and Dan Miles.

In
2017
 the Company issued 4
300 shares of its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value
of $9
000 for services rendered.

In
2017
 the Company entered into the following transactions with Raptor SPV LLC
 in which Mr. Doherty has an indirect material interest
as principal and significant shareholder of Raptor SPV LLC:

On
April 21
 2017
 pursuant to a securities purchase agreement
 Reed&rsquo;s sold and issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable
note in the principal amount of $3
400
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock to Raptor SPV LLC. The note
bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The note is secured by a
second priority security interest in the Company&rsquo;s assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest
of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC. The note may not be prepaid and originally matured on April 21
 2019. The maturity date
was subsequently extended to April 21
 2021. The note may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common
stock of the Company. The original conversion price of the note was $3.00
 and this conversion price was subsequently reduced
to $1.75
 and again to $1.50. The warrant will expire on April 21
 2019 and had an original exercise price equal to $4.00 per
share
 which exercise price was subsequently reduced to $1.50. The note and warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions
and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note and exercise of the warrant have been registered on Form S-1.
Raptor SPV LLC was also granted a right to participate in future financing transactions of the Company for a term of two years.

In
connection with the issuance of the note
 the Company reimbursed Raptor SPV LLC direct costs totaling $157
000 incurred to issue
the note.

On
July 13
 2017
 we entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Raptor SPV LLC to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of
our common stock. The repriced warrants have an exercise price per share of $1.50 and were revised to modify language pertaining
to &ldquo;Fundamental Transactions&rdquo;. Restrictions upon exercise were waived as to the repriced warrants. Reed&rsquo;s received
gross proceeds of $1
150
000 from Raptor&rsquo;s exercise of the repriced warrants. We also issued to the Raptor additional second
tranche warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares of our common stock and additional third tranche warrants to purchase up to
60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing 6 months from
the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00. The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance
for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to $1.55. Raptor SPV LLC was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting
observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor SPV LLC or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the
date hereof
 Raptor SPV LLC has not made such an appointment.


    
    


On
December 6
 2017
 we entered into a backstop agreement with Raptor
 whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from us a minimum of $6
million of units pursuant to its subscription rights and in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. In
the rights offering
 Raptor SPV LLC exercised its basic and over-subscription rights to purchase 2
666
667 units and acquired
2
666
667 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price
of $4
000
000. In addition
 pursuant to the backstop commitment agreement
 as amended
 the Company issued to Raptor SPV LLC warrants
to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock. These warrants have an exercise price equal to $1.50
 are not exercisable for a term
of 180 days from the date of issuance and have a cashless exercise feature and registration rights. We will be subject to certain
liquidated damages if we do not register the warrant shares within the prescribed time frame.

Subsequent
to year end
 in January 2018
 the board of directors appointed Daniel J. Doherty III to serve as a director. Mr. Doherty is a
principal and significant shareholder of Raptor/ Harbor Reeds
 SPV
 LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s largest shareholder.
Mr. Doherty has joint voting and dispositive control of the equity securities held by Raptor with another of its principals.



On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
current officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant.
See further description regarding the offer in 



    
Subsequent
    Events


On
January 10
 2018
 pursuant to its employment agreement dated June 28
 2017 with Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
 the
Company&rsquo;s board of directors granted to Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371
218 shares
of stock. The securities are to be issued pursuant to Reed&rsquo;s 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. The options will have an
exercise price of $1.70. Other terms of the granted securities will be set by the Company&rsquo;s compensation committee in compliance
with the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan.

In
2017
 the Company agreed to pre-pay the CAPEX Loan by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when
the sale should occur. In January 2018
 $312
000 of equipment was sold and the CAPEX Loan was repaid for this amount.

On
January 10
 2018
 the board of directors issued 400
000 shares of common stock at $1.70 per share totaling $680
000 to independent
board members for past services provided in 2017.

On
March 24
 2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&rsquo;s
current officers and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. See further description
regarding the offer in 


 2018
 the Company approved
stock options to CEO Valentin Stalowir
 to purchase 412
735 shares of common stock with a strike price of $1.60 that vest over
four years with performance criteria approved by the Board. Mr. Stalowir also received 412
736 Restricted Stock Units; and stock
options to purchase an aggregate of 982
000 shares of common stock (intended to be granted as incentive stock options
 subject
to the requirements of the plan and applicable law) to employees; and that non-statutory stock options to purchase an aggregate
of 1
134
000 shares of common stock to employees listed as &ldquo;Senior Management&rdquo;
 subject to applicable securities laws.
The option portions are subject to performance based criteria approved by the Board of Directors.



    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure




Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2017.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting during the last quarter of 2017
 ending
December 31
 2017
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017. In making this assessment
 we used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control &mdash;
Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment we concluded that
 as of December 31
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting was effective.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm
 pursuant to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item
9B. Other Information




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers

 Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers

 Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act



Reed&rsquo;s
current directors current have terms which will end at the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are
elected and qualify
 subject to their death
 resignation or removal. The Chief Executive Officer serves at the discretion of the
board of directors. Our board members are encouraged to attend meetings of the board of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders.
The board of directors held 18 meetings in 2017. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current
directors and executive officers as of December 31
 2017:




    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
    
Director
    Chief Innovation Officer
    
    

Daniel
    Miles
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    

Neal
    Cohane
    
Senior
    Vice President of Sales
    
    

Stefan
    Freeman
    
Chief
    Operating Officer
    
    

Val
    Stalowir
    
Director
    Chief Executive Officer
    
    

John
    Bello
    
Chairman
    of the Board and member of Compensation Committee
    
    

Daniel
    Doherty (1)
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Jaffe
    
Director
    and Chairman of the Nominations and Goverance Committee
 member of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee
    
    

James
    Bass
    
Director
    and Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation Committee
    
    

Scott
    R. Grossman
    
Director
    and Chairman of the Compenation Committee and member of the Audit Committee and Nominations and Governance Committee
    
    





(1)
Mr. Doherty was appointed to serve by the board as director on January 10
 2018.


Business
Experience of Directors and Executive Officers

Christopher
J. Reed
 founded our company in 1987. Since inception
 Mr. Reed has served in the roles of Chairman
 President
 Chief
Executive Officer and is currently our Chief Innovation Officer and non-independent Director since our incorporation in 1991.
Mr. Reed also served as Chief Financial Officer during fiscal year 2007 until October 1
 2007 and again from April 17
 2008 to
January 19
 2010. Mr. Reed remains a Director of the Company with the election of John Bello as Chairman of the Board by fellow
Board members. Mr. Reed has been responsible for our design and products
 including the original product recipes
 the proprietary
brewing process and the packaging and marketing strategies. Mr. Reed received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering in 1980 from Rennselaer
Polytechnic Institute in Troy
 New York.

Daniel
J. Doherty III
 Director Daniel was appointed by the board on January 10
 2018 to serve as a director
 filling a vacancy.
Mr. Doherty has been a principal of Eastern Real Estate
 a real estate investment and development company
 since July 2001. He
is also a principal and significant shareholder of Raptor/ Harbor Reeds
 SPV
 LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s
largest shareholder
 which beneficially owns 27.64% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding equity securities
 calculated pursuant
to Rule 13d-3. Mr. Doherty has joint voting and dispositive control of the equity securities held by Raptor with another of its
principals.


    
    


Daniel
 Miles
Chief Financial Officer is a licensed CPA in the State of California who started with Ernst &amp; Young and progressed
through financial managerial roles within the beverage industry and other local business enterprises. Dan managed the financial
sector for Coors&rsquo; largest distributor that grew 250% in 8 years via acquisitions of companies
 brands and organic growth.
Dan worked at the Pepsi Bottling Group in corporate finance and field operations in various capacities. Recently Dan held the
position of interim Chief Financial Officer for the Port of Long Beach and the Central Basin Municipal Water District where he
led the production of both the annual budget and the reporting of the results of those enterprises. Dan earned his Bachelor of
Science degrees at the University of San Francisco in Biology
 California State University Long Beach in Accounting and a Master&rsquo;s
Degree from University of Southern California in taxation.

Neal
Cohane
 Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing has served as Reed&rsquo;s Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing
since March of 2008 and previously Vice President of Sales since August 2007. From March 2001 until August 2007
 Mr. Cohane served
in various senior-level sales and executive positions for PepsiCo
 most recently as Senior National Accounts Manager
 Eastern
Division. In this capacity
 Mr. Cohane was responsible for all business development and sales activities within the Eastern Division.
From March 2001 until November 2002
 Mr. Cohane served as Business Development Manager
 Non-Carbonated Division within PepsiCo
where he was responsible for leading the non-carbonated category build-out across the Northeast Territory. From 1998 to March
2001
 Mr. Cohane spent three years at South Beach Beverage Company
 most recently as Vice President of Sales
 Eastern Region.
From 1986 to 1998
 Mr. Cohane spent approximately twelve years at Coca-Cola of New York where he held various senior-level sales
and managerial positions
 most recently as General Manager New York. Mr. Cohane holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration
from Merrimack College in North Andover
 Massachusetts.

Stefan
Freeman
 Chief Operating Officer Stefan Freeman served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from April
 2016 through June
2017 and has assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer since then. He is also Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Freeman
is a strategic and performance focused executive with more than 25 years in sales operations
 manufacturing and supply chain operations
in beverages and consumer products. Mr. Freeman has worked for the three largest soda companies in the world and was promoted
within each company. From 2011 through 2014
 Mr. Freeman was the Regional Vice President of Manufacturing for Coca-Cola Refreshments
managing eight manufacturing plants located throughout Southern California
 Arizona and Hawaii. These plants produced 231 million
cases with revenues in excess of $500 million annually. In 2014 Mr. Freeman was promoted from within Coca-Cola Refreshments to
Vice President of Fleet Operations in Atlanta
 Georgia where he managed one of the five largest fleet operations in North America
through April 2016. Prior to working for Coca-Cola
 Mr. Freeman was Director of Supply Chain for Dean Foods&rsquo; Pacific Coast
Group
 managing nine production facilities with responsibility for a $155 million annual operating budget. Other prior positions
include Director of Sales Operations for Dr. Pepper Snapple Group and Supply Chain Manager and Plant Manager for Pepsi-Cola Bottling
Group.

Mr.
Freeman hold a Bachelor&rsquo;s of Science in mechanical engineering from Tuskegee University and is an active member of the Cisco
Systems Global Manufacturing Advisory Board.

Valentin
Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer Valentin Stalowir was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Reed&rsquo;s on June 28
2017. Also on June 28
 2017
 the board of directors of Reed&rsquo;s also expanded the board to six seats and appointed Mr. Stalowir
to serve as a director
 filling the newly created vacancy. Since November 2016
 Mr. Stalowir has served as an independent food
and beverage investment consultant working with varied consumer focused private equity groups. Prior
 from April 2015 to November
2016
 Mr. Stalowir served as Chief Executive Officer of privately held International Harvest
 Inc.
 a leading supplier of certified
organic
 gluten free
 non- GMO
 vegan and raw superfoods. In 2011
 Mr. Stalowir founded Global Restaurant Group
 LLC (GRG) in
Kyiv
 Ukraine
 a privately held
 international quick serve restaurant operator and platform that is now YUM! Brands&rsquo; lead
KFC franchisee in Ukraine. Mr. Stalowir served as Chief Executive Officer of GRG until September 2014
 when
 due to political
and economic challenges in Ukraine
 much of the investment activity in the country was suspended. GRG LLC continues to operate
led by local management and recently announced the opening of an additional restaurant in the capital city of Kyiv. From 2010
to 2012
 Mr. Stalowir served as Executive Partner of APTA Capital
 LLC
 a US private equity firm providing growth equity investments
and operational leadership to consumer branded companies. From 2002 to 2010
 Mr. Stalowir was Chief Executive Officer of Preferred
Brand Holdings
 LLC
 a private equity fund backed by Emigrant Savings Bank
 where he co-founded the consumer practice and led
the investment and growth strategies for five portfolio companies in the food and beverage sector. From 1999 to 2001
 he served
as President
 North American division of Tomra Systems
 ASA
 a publicly traded Norwegian company and the global leader for beverage
container return and processing systems and reverse vending machines. Prior
 Mr. Stalowir served in marketing and general management
positions with the Coca-Cola Company and the Quaker Oats Company.


    
    


Mr.
Stalowir earned his MBA in Marketing and Finance with Distinction from the University of Michigan in 1990 and received dual BA
degrees in Economics and Art History from the College of William and Mary in 1985.

John
 is Reed&rsquo;s Board Chairman and sales and marketing expert. Since 2001
 Mr. Bello has been the Managing Director
of JoNa Ventures
 a family venture fund. From 2004 to 2012 Mr. Bello also served as Principal and General Partner at Sherbrooke
Capital
 a venture capital group dedicated to investing in leading
 early stage health and wellness companies. Mr. Bello is the
founder and former CEO of South Beach Beverage Company
 the maker of nutritionally enhanced teas and juices marketed under the
brand name SoBe. The company was sold to PepsiCo in 2001 for $370 million and in the same year Ernst and Young named Mr. Bello
National Entrepreneur of the Year in the consumer products category for his work with SoBe. Before founding SoBe
 Bello spent
14 years at National Football League Properties
 the marketing arm of the NFL and served as its President from 1986 to 1993. As
the President
 Mr. Bello has been credited for building NFL Properties into a sports marketing leader and creating the model by
which every major sports league now operates.

Prior
to working for the NFL
 Mr. Bello served in marketing and strategic planning capacities at the Pepsi Cola Division of Pepsico
Inc. and in product management roles for General Foods Corporation in the Sanka and Maxwell House brands. Mr. Bello has also worked
with IZZE and Firefighter brands in brand building
 marketing and strategic planning capacities.

Mr.
Bello earned his BA from Tufts University
 cum laude
 and received his MBA from the Tuck School of business at Dartmouth College
as an Edward Tuck Scholar. Mr. Bello is extensively involved in non-profit work and currently serves as a Tufts University Trustee
and advisory board member (athletics). Additionally
 he serves on the boards of: the Gordon Entrepreneurial Center at Tufts
 the
Tuck Center for Private Equity
 the YMCA in Rye
 New York and the New York Council Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Bello also serves
on the board of Boathouse Sports and is executive director of Luminesce Eye Therapies.

James
 is a Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Bass is retired from
the position of Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sony Interactive Entertainment America
 LLC where he started
in July of 2002. Mr. Bass joined the company as Vice President of Finance in November 1996. Mr. Bass has more than 25 years of
financial and international management experience and was responsible for all the company&rsquo;s financial operations including
general accounting and financial reporting
 planning
 analysis and systems
 treasury and risk management
 purchasing
 internal
audit
 and federal
 state and local income taxes. Prior experience includes holding several senior management positions encompassing
14 years with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company gaining international experience running operations in parts of Asia and Europe.

Mr.
Bass also spent two years at Wang Laboratories as a Divisional Controller. He started his career in New York at the public accounting
firm
 Haskins and Sells
 now Deloitte &amp; Touche. Mr. Bass received a bachelor&rsquo;s of business administration degree in
accounting and finance from Pace University
 New York City. He is a certified public accountant and a member of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants.

Lewis
is a Director and Chairman of the Governance Committee and is also a member of the Audit Committee and member of
the Compensation Committee. Since August 2014
 Mr. Jaffe has been teaching as an Executive-in-Residence and Clinical Faculty at
the Fred Kiesner Center for Entrepreneurship
 Loyola Marymount University. Since January 2010 Mr. Jaffe has served as Chairman
of the Board for FitLife Brands Inc (FTLF:OTCBB) and serves on its audit
 compensation and governance committees. Since 2006 he
has served on the board of Director of York Telecom
 a private equity owned company
 and serves on its compensation and governance
committees. From 2006 to 2008 Mr. Jaffe was Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of Oxford Media
 Inc. Mr. Jaffe has
also served in executive management positions with Verso Technologies
 Inc.
 Wireone Technologies
 Inc.
 Picturetel Corporation
and he was also previously a Managing Director of Arthur Andersen. Mr. Jaffe was the co-founder of MovieMe Network. Mr. Jaffe
also served on the Board of Directors of Benihana
 Inc. as its lead independent director from 2004 to 2012.


    
    


Mr.
Jaffe is a graduate of the Stanford Business School Executive Program
 holds a Bachelor of Science from LaSalle University and
holds a Masters Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors
 a public company director
education and credentialing program.

Scott
 is a Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee and is also a member on the Audit Committee
and the Nominations and Governance Committee. Mr. Grossman has nearly two decades of experience investing in and advising both
public and private companies undergoing transformative change
 including several companies in the consumer industry. Mr. Grossman
is currently the founder and CEO of Vindico Capital LLC
 a value-oriented investment firm that invests in public companies driving
value-enhancing change
 often in collaboration with management to provide advocacy and insights to help unlock value. Prior to
Vindico
 Mr. Grossman was a Senior Portfolio Manager at Magnetar Capital
 a $14 BN multi-strategy alternative asset management
firm
 where he first joined in 2006. For over a decade at Magnetar
 Mr. Grossman focused on deep fundamental
 value-oriented investing
throughout the capital structure of both public and private companies in various industries. Prior to Magnetar
 Mr. Grossman worked
at Soros Fund Management in its Private Equity division and Merrill Lynch in its investment banking group. In addition
 Mr. Grossman
is a non-operating partner and current Board Member at Zeitguide
 a privately-held research advisory firm that educates leading
global executives and their teams on the transformational forces impacting culture and business. Mr. Grossman received an MBA
from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BA from Columbia University where he majored in economics.

Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to Reed&rsquo;s
have any material interest adverse to Reed&rsquo;s or have
 during the past ten years been subject to legal or regulatory proceedings
required to be disclosed hereunder.

Corporate
Governance

We
are committed to having sound corporate governance principles. We believe that such principles are essential to running our business
efficiently and to maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. There have been no changes to the procedures by which stockholders
may recommend nominees to our board of directors.

Director
Qualifications

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values
 consistent with our longstanding
values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed
to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical
wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them
given their individual circumstances
 to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests
of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates
 the board of directors also considers the candidate&rsquo;s
character
 judgment
 diversity
 age and skills
 including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the
needs of the board of directors.

Director
Independence

The
board of directors has determined four members of our board of directors
 Mr. Bello
 Mr. Bass
 Mr. Jaffe
 and Mr. Grossman are
independent under the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. We intend to maintain at least four independent directors
on our board of directors in the future.


    
    


Code
of Ethics

Our
Chief Executive Officer and all senior financial officers
 including the Chief Financial Officer
 are bound by a Code of Ethics
that complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.reedsinc.com.

Board
Structure and Committee Composition

As
of the date of this Annual Report
 our board of directors has seven directors and the following three standing committees: an
Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee and a Nominations and Governance Committee. These committees were formed in January
2007.

Audit
Committee.
 internal systems of accounting and
financial controls
 relationships with independent auditors and audits of financial statements. Specific responsibilities include
the following:



    
selecting
    hiring and terminating our independent auditors;

    
    

    
evaluating
    the qualifications
 independence and performance of our independent auditors;

    
    

    
approving
    the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditors;

    
    

    
reviewing
    the design
 implementation
 adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and critical accounting policies;

    
    

    
overseeing
    and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they
    relate to financial statements or accounting matters;

    
    

    
reviewing
    with management and our independent auditors
 any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results
    of operations; and

    
    

    
preparing
    the audit committee report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement.



Our
Audit Committee is comprised of Chairman Bass
 Mr. Grossman and Mr. Jaffe. The board of directors has determined that the three
members of the Audit Committee are independent under the rules of the SEC Section 803A of the NYSE American Listed Company
Guide and that Mr. Bass qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined by the rules of the
SEC. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee meeting applicable standards of the SEC and
the New York Stock Exchange.

Compensation
Committee.
of our officers
 directors and employees. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
approving
    the compensation and benefits of our executive officers;

    
    

    
reviewing
    the performance objectives and actual performance of our officers; and

    
    

    
administering
    our stock option and other equity compensation plans.


Our
Compensation Committee is comprised of Chairman Grossman
 Mr. Bass
 Mr. Bello
 Mr. Jaffe. The board of directors has determined
all of the members of the Compensation Committee are independent under Section 803A of the NYSE MKT Company Guide. In affirmatively
determining the independence of a director who will serve on the compensation committee
 the Company&rsquo;s board considered
all factors specifically relevant to whether the director has a relationship to the Company which is material to the director&rsquo;s
ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a committee member
 including
 without limitation:
(1) the source of compensation of the director
 including any consulting
 advisory or other compensatory fee paid by the Company;
and (2) whether the director is affiliated with the Company
 or an affiliate of the Company. The position of Interim Chief Executive
Officer falls within an exception and does not invalidate an independence determination.


    
    


Our
board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee.

Nominations
and Governance Committee.
individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors
 reviewing correspondence from our stockholders
 and establishing
evaluating and overseeing our corporate governance guidelines. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
evaluating
    the composition
 size and governance of our board of directors and its committees and making recommendations regarding future
    planning and the appointment of directors to our committees;

    
    

    
establishing
    a policy for considering stockholder nominees for election to our board of directors; and

    
    

    
evaluating
    and recommending candidates for election to our board of directors.


Our
Nominations and Governance Committee is comprised of Chairman Jaffe and Mr. Grossman. The board of directors has determined all
of the members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of Section 803A of the NYSE American
Company Guide. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.


To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s with respect to our most recent
fiscal year or written representations from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the year ended December 31
 2017 our
directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements
with the exception of John Bello
 Scott R. Grossman and James Bass who filed late Form 3 and Form 4 filings and Lewis Jaffe
who filed a late Form 3 filing.

Item
11. Executive Compensation 


The
following table summarizes all compensation for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 received by our current and former principal executive
officers
 principal financial officer
 and our current Senior Vice principal of Sales
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;.


    
    





Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Stock
    Awards
    
    
Option
    Awards (1)
    
    
Non-
    Equity Incentive
    
    
Non-
    Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings
    
    
All
    Other Compensation - (2)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Valentin
    Stalowir
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
500
    
    
    
160
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
    
    
    
    
    
    
227
000
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
320
    
    
    
271
320
    

Chief
    Innovation Officer (Former Chief Executive Officer )
    
    
    
    
    
    
227
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
227
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Daniel
    V. Miles
    
    
    
    
    
    
175
000
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
320
    
    
    
219
320
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
175
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
175
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stefan
    Freeman
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Operating Officer (Former Interim Chief Executive Officer)
    
    
    
    
    
    
155
192
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
100
    
    
    
160
292
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Neal
    Cohane
    
    
    
    
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
262
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
000
    
    
    
213
000
    


(1)
The amounts represent the fair value for share-based payment awards issued during the year. The award is calculated on the date
of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
 excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates.

(2)
Other compensation includes both cash payments and the estimated value of the use of company assets.

Employment
Agreements

The
Company has employment agreements with Mr. Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer and Stefan Freeman
 Chief Operating Officer.

Mr.
Stalowir will receive a base salary of $300
000 per year
 performance-based cash bonus structure and equity comprised of stock
options and/or restricted stock grants equal to 4% of Reed&rsquo;s outstanding common stock
 on a fully diluted basis.

Mr.
Freeman will receive a base salary of $225
000 per year
 a performance-based cash bonus structure and equity comprised of stock
options and/or restricted stock grants.

The
agreements for all officers provide for full acceleration of equity grants triggered by a &ldquo;change of control&rdquo;
 as
defined. As of December 31
 2017
 Mr. Reed is currently paid an annual salary of $227
000
 Mr. Cohane is paid $210
000
 and Mr.
Miles is paid $175
000. Any bonuses are discretionary.


    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards At Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive
Officer outstanding as of December 31
 2017:



Name
    and Position
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options
Option
    Exercise Price
Option
    Expiration Date

Christopher
    J. Reed
 Chief Innovation Officer
25
000
    
    
    
    

    
30
000
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
20
000
    
    
    

Daniel
    Miles
 Chief Financial Officer
100
000
    
    
    
    

Neal
    Cohane
 SVP Sales
30
000
    
    
    
    

    
30
000
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
20
000
    
    
    

Stefan
    Freeman
 Chief Operating Officer
19
950
10
050
    
    
    





(1)
    
These
    options vest 25% immediately and 25% per year.

(2)
    
These
    options vest 33% per year.

(3)
    
These
    options vest 50% per year.

(4)
    
These
    options vest 25% per year.



Director
Compensation

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our directors for the year ended December 31
 2017:



    
Fees
    Earned or Paid in Cash
Stock
    Awards
Option
    Awards (1)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation
All
    Other Compensation
    

Jim
    Bass
    
    
39
245
    
    
39
245

John
    Bello
99
999
    
    
    
    
99
999

Lewis
    Jaffe
20
000
    
    
    
    
20
000

Scott
    R. Grossman
    
    
39
245
    
    
39
245

Stefan
    Freeman (2)
8
333
    
    
    
    
8
333




(1)
The amounts represent the fair value for share-based payment awards issued during the year. The award is calculated on the date
of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
 excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates.

(2)
Mr. Freeman was issued Option awards. Those awards are included in the Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End by Named Executive
Officer.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of January 31
 2018
for (i) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock
 (ii) each named
executive officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially
own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii)
of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options
or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for
our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner&rsquo;s
spouse or children.


    
    


For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of January 31
 2018. As of January 31
 2018
 the Company had 25
019
590
shares of common stock outstanding. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by
each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of
January 31
 2018 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission
of beneficial ownership.

Except
as otherwise indicated below
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock held by them. Unless otherwise indicated
 the principal address of each listed executive officer and director
is 13000 South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California 90061.




Directors
    and Executive Officers
    
Number
    of Shares Beneficially Owned
    
    
Percentage
    of Shares Beneficially Owned (1)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed (3)
    
    
2
420
890
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
420
890
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
637
217
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
130
434
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
153
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
185
677
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
412
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
64
412
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
093
334
    
    
    
    
    

Directors and Named Executive
    Officers as a group (10 persons)
    
    
11
779
576
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV LLC
    (8)
    
    
8
093
334
    
    
    
    
    



*
Less than 1%.&nbsp;

(1)
Based on 25
019
591 shares outstanding as of January 31
 2018. The total percentage of shares beneficially owned by directors
and executive officers is 42.3% if we include amounts of less than 1% in the calculation.

(2)
On January 10
 2018
 pursuant to its employment agreement with Valentin Stalowir dated June 28
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s board
of directors granted to Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371
218 shares of stock. The securities
will not begin vesting until June 2018 and therefore are excluded from the table above.

(3) Christopher J. Reed
 director
and Chief Innovation Officer
 and Judy Holloway Reed
 Secretary of the Company
 our husband and wife and share beneficial ownership
of these shares.


    
    


(4)
Includes 100
000 shares of common stock underlying exercisable stock options.

(5)
Includes 24
000 shares of common stock underlying exercisable stock options.

(6)
Includes 10
000 shares of common stock underlying exercisable stock options.

(7)
Includes 10
000 shares of common stock underlying exercisable stock options.

(8)
Principal address is 280 Congress Street
 12th Floor
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210. James Pallotta and Daniel J. Doherty III have
discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the shares of common stock held by Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV LLC and may be deemed
to be the beneficial owners of these shares.

Includes
2
393
333 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants. Also includes 2
266
667 shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $3
400
000.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

Our
board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction
 arrangement or relationship
between Reed&rsquo;s and one of our executive officers
 directors
 director nominees or 5% or greater stockholders (or their immediate
family members)
 each of whom we refer to as a &ldquo;related person
&rdquo; in which such related person has a direct or indirect
material interest.

If
a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction
 arrangement or relationship
 defined as a &ldquo;related party transaction
&rdquo;
the related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the
proposed related party transaction to be reviewed and
 if deemed appropriate
 approved by the Nominations and Governance Committee.
Our Nominations and Governance Committee is comprised of Chairman Jaffe and Mr. Grossman. The board of directors has determined
all of the members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange
Listed Company Manual. If practicable
 the reporting
 review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance
review and approval is not practicable
 the Nominations and Governance Committee will review
 and
 in its discretion
 may ratify
the related party transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually at a minimum.
The related party transactions listed below were reviewed by the full board of directors. Prior to August 2005
 we did not have
independent directors on our board to review and approve related party transactions. The Nominations and Governance Committee
shall review future related party transactions.

During
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the following transactions occurred in which a related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest:

The
Company paid Judy Reed who is the Corporate Secretary and the wife of Chris Reed to document minutes for the Board of Directors&rsquo;
meetings. Amounts paid during the year ended December 31
 2017 totaled $360; similar payments were not made during the year ended
December 31
 2017.

The
Company paid David Reed who is the son of Christopher Reed $9
000 for operating and administrative services rendered throughout
the year.

During
fiscal 2016 and 2017
 the Company entered into the following transactions with Raptor SPV LLC
 in which Mr. Doherty has an indirect
material interest as principal and significant shareholder of Raptor SPV LLC:

On
April 21
 2017
 pursuant to a securities purchase agreement
 Reed&rsquo;s sold and issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable
note in the principal amount of $3
400
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock to Raptor SPV LLC. The note
bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The note is secured by a
second priority security interest in the Company&rsquo;s assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest
of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC. The note may not be prepaid and originally matured on April 21
 2019. The maturity date
was subsequently extended to April 21
 2021. The note may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common
stock of the Company. The original conversion price of the note was $3.00
 and this conversion price was subsequently reduced
to $1.75
 and again to $1.50. The warrant will expire on April 21
 2019 and had an original exercise price equal to $4.00 per
share
 which exercise price was subsequently reduced to $1.50. The note and warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions
and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note and exercise of the warrant have been registered on Form S-1.
Raptor SPV LLC was also granted a right to participate in future financing transactions of the Company for a term of two years.


    
    


In
connection with the issuance of the note
 the Company reimbursed Raptor SPV LLC direct costs totaling $157
000 incurred to issue
the note.

On
July 13
 2017
 we entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Raptor SPV LLC to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of
our common stock. The repriced warrants have an exercise price per share of $1.50 and were revised to modify language pertaining
to &ldquo;Fundamental Transactions&rdquo;. Restrictions upon exercise were waived as to the repriced warrants. Reed&rsquo;s received
gross proceeds of $1
150
000 from Raptor&rsquo;s exercise of the repriced warrants. We also issued to the Raptor additional second
tranche warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares of our common stock and additional third tranche warrants to purchase up to
60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing 6 months from
the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00. The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance
for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to $1.55. Raptor SPV LLC was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting
observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor SPV LLC or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the
date hereof
 Raptor SPV LLC has not made such an appointment.

On
December 6
 2017
 we entered into a backstop agreement with Raptor
 whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from us a minimum of $6
million of units pursuant to its subscription rights and in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. In
the rights offering
 Raptor SPV LLC exercised its basic and over-subscription rights to purchase 2
666
667 units and acquired
2
666
667 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price
of $4
000
000. In addition
 pursuant to the backstop commitment agreement
 as amended
 the Company issued to Raptor SPV LLC warrants
to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock. These warrants have an exercise price equal to $1.50
 are not exercisable for a term
of 180 days from the date of issuance and have a cashless exercise feature and registration rights. We will be subject to certain
liquidated damages if we do not register the warrant shares within the prescribed time frame.

Subsequent
to year end
 in January 2018
 the board of directors appointed Daniel J. Doherty III to serve as a director. Mr. Doherty is a
principal and significant shareholder of Raptor/ Harbor Reeds
 SPV
 LLC (&ldquo;Raptor&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s largest shareholder.
Mr. Doherty has joint voting and dispositive control of the equity securities held by Raptor with another of its principals.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Weinberg
&amp; Company
 P.A. (&ldquo;Weinberg&rdquo;) was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016.


    
    


The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Weinberg for the years ended
December 31
 2017 and 2016.



    
    
    

    
    
    

Audit
    Fees
170
392
105
382

Audit-Related
    Fees
    
    

Tax
    Fees
24
800
30
902

All
    Other Fees
85
089
    

    
280
281
136
284



As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees

Weinberg
provided services for the audits of our financial statements and limited reviews of the financial statements included in Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q.

Audit
Related Fees

Weinberg
did not provide any professional services which would be considered &ldquo;audit related fees.&rdquo;


Tax
Fees

Weinberg
prepared our 2016 and 2015 Federal and state income taxes.

All
Other Fees

Services
provided by Weinberg with respect to the filing of various registration statements made throughout the year including the 2017
shareholder rights offering are considered &ldquo;all other fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The Commission&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.

Consistent
with the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 the Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services
and permitted non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to us or any of our subsidiaries.
The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does
 the decisions of that
member must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Accordingly
 100% of audit services and non-audit
services described in this Item 14 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.


    
    



PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)
1. Financial Statements

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

2.
Financial Statement Schedules

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3.
Exhibits
See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Exhibits

See
Item 15(a) (3) above.

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules

See
Item 15(a) (2) above.



Item
16. Form 10K Summary

Not
applicable.


    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



Date:
                                         April 2
 2018

REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
a
    Delaware corporation

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Valentin Stalowir

    
    
Valentin
    Stalowir

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Valentin Stalowir
    
Chief Executive Officer

    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Daniel V. Miles
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    John Bello
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Christopher J. Reed
    
Chief Innovation Officer
 Director
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lewis Jaffe
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Dan Doherty
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Doherty
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    James Bass
    
    
    
    

James
    Bass
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Scott R. Grossman
    
    
    
    

Scott
    R. Grossman
    
    
    
    




    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX




    
Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 7
 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 27
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed December 18
 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156908))

    
    

    
Certificate of Designations
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed October 12
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designations as filed November 10
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 as filed October 10
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 ( File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Bylaws of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.
 as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-220184))

    
    

    
Form of common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Form of Series A preferred stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Form of Warrant issued to investors dated June 2
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Placement Agent Warrant issued to Maxim Group LLC dated June 2
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued November 9
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued October 1
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Form of 2017-1 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of 2017-2 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of Subordinated Convertible Non-Redeemable Secured Promissory Note dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of 2017-3 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of 2017-4 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of Warrant Certificate issued in 2018 rights offering (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Form of Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-221059)

    
    

    
Form of Form of Warrant issuable to Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV
 LLC pursuant to Backstop Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 ( File No. 333-221059)




    
    





    
Placement Agent Agreement by and between Maxim Group LLC and Reed&rsquo;s Inc. dated May 26
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and purchasers signatory thereto dated May 26
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and purchasers signatory thereto dated May 26
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed June 3
 2016)

    
    

    
2007 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Form 10-K filed March 27
 2009)

    
    

    
2015 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-203469)
 as filed April 17
 2015)

    
    

    
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and PMC Financial Services
 LLC dated December 5
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Amendment Number One Standard Industrial Commercial Single Tenant Lease-Net by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and 525 South Douglas Street
 LLC dated May 7
 2009 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended March 31
 2016
 as filed May 11
 2016)

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Second Lien Security Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Amendment Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC dated April 21
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Reed&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed April 24
 2017)

    
    

    
Warrant Exercise Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC dated July 13
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and three investors dated July 13
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 14
 2017)

    
    

    
Executive Employment Agreement effective as of June 28
 2017 by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Valentin Stalowir (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed July 13
 2017)

    
    

    
2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-222741))

    
    

    
Form of Backstop Agreement by and between Reed&rsquo;s Inc. and Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV
 LLC
 filed herewith (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-220184))

    
    

    
Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-157359))




    
    





    
Subsidiaries
    of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Consent
    of Weinberg &amp; Co.
 P.A.
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 filed herewith.

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 filed herewith.

    
    

    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    

    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document





    
Indicates
    a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

    
    

    
In
        accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.
        
XBRL
        (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
        or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes
        of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these
        sections.




    
    













     








REED&rsquo;S
 INC.






    
    
    













     







CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


in the previously filed Registration Statements of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-203469 and 333-178623) of our report
dated April 2
 2018
 appearing in the annual report on Form 10K for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


WEINBERG&amp; COMPANY
 P.A.






 California

 2018



    
    
    












     





EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


I
Valentin Stalowir
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date: April 2
 2018

/s/
    Valentin Stalowir

    
Valentin
                                         Stalowir
        
        

    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



    
    
    












     






EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


I
Daniel V. Miles
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date: April 2
 2018

/s/
    Daniel V. Miles 

    
Daniel
                                         V. Miles
                                                         
                                                         

    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
(Principal
    Financial Officer)



    
    
    












     





EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2017
 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive
Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    

Date: April 2
 2018

By:
    
/s/
    Valentin Stalowir

    
    
Valentin
                                         Stalowir
        
        

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



    
    
    












     






EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the
year ended December 31
 2017
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
Daniel Miles
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant
to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    

Date: April 2
 2018

By:
    
/s/
    Daniel V. Miles

    
    
Daniel
                                         V. Miles
        

    
    

    Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer)



    
    
    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 first-out) or market

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

670

874

261
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
011

931

885

 2017 and 2016
&#13;totaled $40
000 and $294
000
 respectively. The Company has recorded an obsolescence reserve for potentially slow moving and obsolete&#13;inventory. The reserve at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 totaled $509
000 and $115
000


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
107
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
107
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
360
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
875
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;568
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;600
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
924
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
696
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;507
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;475
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Construction In Progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
610
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
692
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
589
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
414
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
603
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Impairment reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
925
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(260
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;353
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
726

 2018
&#13;the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s current officers&#13;and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors&#13;will approve the offer and the sale will be completed in the summer of 2018. The letter of intent offers the Company $1
250
000&#13;in cash&amp;#160;for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the Company will be relieved of the $1
400
000&#13;long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment charge totaling&#13;$5
925
000

 the Company established a reserve&#13;totaling $260

 2017 and 2016 totaled $551
000 and $387
000

000 and $226
000 as of December 31
 2017
 and 2016

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
370
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
370

 the Company agreed to pre-pay the&#13;CAPEX Loan (See &lt;i&gt;Note 6 Line of Credit and Bank Notes&lt;/i&gt;) by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
&#13;when the sale should occur. In January 2018
 equipment with no book value was sold for $312

    
    



    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


186

378



472

553



250

363

 2009
 the Company closed&#13;escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement for&#13;the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery&#13;equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an&#13;agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing&#13;involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.&#13;The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 were originally recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.&#13;Monthly payments under the financing agreement of approximately $35
000 are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the&#13;financing obligation at an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation was personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000&#13;by former Chief Executive Officer and current Chief Innovation Officer

 the Company issued an aggregate of 600
000 warrants to purchase its common stock. The 600
000 warrants&#13;were valued at an aggregate amount of $1
336
000 and were recorded as a valuation discount at the date of issuance
 and are being&#13;amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. The balance of the unamortized valuation discount at December 31
 2017&#13;and 2016 was $714
000 and $825
000
 respectively. Amortization of valuation discount was $110
000 for each of the years ended December&#13;31

 2017 and 2016 was $2
186
000 and $2
378
000







186



186

378



472

553



250

363

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 under nine non-cancelable capital leases. Monthly payments range from $341&#13;to $10
441 per month
 including interest
 at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.31% per annum. The Company&amp;#8217;s total payment&#13;obligation for the leases aggregates $19
000 per month at December 31











    

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

107

107

360
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
875

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;600

924
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
696

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;226

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;475

610

692
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
589

414

603

925



726












    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives&#13;of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred tax assets

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2017 and&#13;2016
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $601
000 and $256
000

&#13;general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders&#13;placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&amp;#8217;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate


 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the&#13;asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized a $260

&#13;2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s&amp;#160;officers&#13;and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors&#13;will approve the offer&amp;#160;and the sale will be completed&amp;#160;in the summer of 2018. The letter of intent offers the Company&#13;$1
250
000&amp;#160;in cash for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the Company will be relieved of the&#13;$1
400
000 long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment&#13;charge totaling $5
925
000

 the Company established a reserve&#13;totaling $260

 we first&#13;assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If&#13;further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value.&#13;If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
&#13;an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized&#13;an impairment charge of $224
000 for the China Cola brand. There were no impairment charges incurred during the year ended December&#13;31

000 at December 31
 2017. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts more than the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
 the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances more&#13;than the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2017
&#13;the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2016
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 22% and 12% of its sales

 2017
 the Company&#13;had accounts receivable due from two customers who had balances totaling $823
000 and $450
000
 respectively
 representing 25%&#13;and 14% of total accounts receivable
 respectively; and as of December 31
 2016
 the Company had accounts receivable due from one&#13;customer who comprised $719

 2017
&#13;the Company had utilized three separate co-pack packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products in the Eastern&#13;United States. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted our own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers&#13;may cause a delay in the production process

&#13;2017 and 2016
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 20% and 26%
 respectively of its total purchases. At&#13;December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts payable due to one vendor who comprised 20% of its total accounts payable. At December&#13;31
 2016

 other than the&#13;quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital&#13;lease obligations
 convertible note
 and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since the interest rates&#13;on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates. The fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using&#13;Level 2 inputs to estimate the liability at December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaling $36
000 and of $775
000

 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished&#13;goods are determined on a market cost basis

 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs

 deferred taxes&#13;are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial&#13;reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it&#13;is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits

 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2017 and 2016 were approximately $4
004
000 and $3
726
000


 2017&#13;and 2016

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

266

325
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;803

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048

307
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
890

000 and $254
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

 or b) at the&#13;date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued&#13;each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they&#13;are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then&#13;current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants

 2016
 the Company previously included a $260
000 charge for obsolete equipment in&#13;cost of goods sold and also included $254
000 of the amortization of a debt discount with respect to certain warrants in general&#13;and administrative expenses. In presenting the Company&amp;#8217;s Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and&#13;2016

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09&#13;is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current&#13;U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Under ASU 2014-09
 revenue is recognized&#13;when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which&#13;the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
&#13;amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB has recently issued ASU&#13;2016-08
 ASU 2016-10
 ASU 2016-11
 ASU 2016-12
 and ASU 2016-20 all of which clarify certain implementation guidance within ASU&#13;2014-09. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The standard can be adopted&#13;either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative&#13;effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).&#13;The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting this new guidance&#13;on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows but does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a&#13;material effect

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance&#13;sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for&#13;capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial&#13;statements. The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting&#13;this new guidance on its financial position
 results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-11
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral&#13;for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling&#13;Interests with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2017-11&amp;#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature&#13;when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&amp;#8217;s own&#13;stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required&#13;to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
&#13;and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat&#13;the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing&#13;basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities&#13;will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.&#13;The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not&#13;expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 natural beverages in the natural and specialty foods industry
 selling&#13;to specialty gourmet
 natural food
 retail
 and convenience stores and restaurants nationwide and internationally. The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;two major core brands are Reed&amp;#8217;s Ginger Beer and Virgil&amp;#8217;s soda beverages. Reed&amp;#8217;s Ginger Brews are unique in the&#13;beverage industry
 being brewed
 not manufactured
 using fresh ginger

 2017 the Company recorded&#13;a net loss of $18
373
000 and utilized cash in operations of $3
422

 2017
 the Company had a&#13;cash balance of $12
127
000 and had available borrowing on our existing line of credit of $1
012
000. &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;We&#13;estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital requirements for the next&#13;twelve months. The Company&amp;#8217;s has a secured working capital facility with $3.3 million of outstanding borrowings at December&#13;31
 2017
 expiring in October 2018
 which we believe will be renewed and or be replaced. In addition
 the Company&amp;#8217;s bank&#13;notes (&amp;#8220;Notes&amp;#8221;)
 totaling $6.9 million also become due in October 2018. The Company believes it can successfully restructure&#13;its debt before the Notes mature utilizing a combination of the cash on hand and or the cash realized from sale of the plant facility&#13;and other assets . Furthermore

 we have financed our operations&#13;primarily through private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred stock
 a line of credit from a financial institution
 and&#13;cash generated from operations. We anticipate our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales&#13;goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive cash flow from&#13;operations. However
 we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations.&#13;If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 or restructure our debt as planned
 we may have&#13;insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing
&#13;and product development plans. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms

 the Company anticipates&#13;a closing of the sale of the Los Angeles plan to be completed in the summer 2018. These actions may lead to certain charges including
&#13;but not limited to additional cash-related expenses
 non-cash impairment charges
 discontinued operations and/or other costs in&#13;connection with exit and disposal activities. Such transactions will be recognized when appropriate and may require cash payments&#13;for obligations such as one-time employee involuntary termination benefits
 lease and other contract termination costs
 costs to&#13;close facilities

 2017
 the&#13;Company satisfied a listing deficiency with the NYSE. The listing criteria required the company to reach $6
000
000 in shareholder&#13;equity. During the year end review of reserves for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 impairment reserve on property and equipment


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;229



 but are tested for impairment annually. For the year ended&#13;December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized an impairment charge
 completely writing off its China Cola Brand
 totaling $224
000.&#13;No impairment charge was incurred for the year ended December 31


 the Company had three equity plans in place to incentivize performance by employees
 directors
 and consultants: The&#13;2007 Stock Option Plan
 the 2015 Incentive and Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan
 and in 2017 the Company adopted the 2017 Incentive&#13;Compensation Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plans&amp;#8221;). In 2017
 the 2007 plan expired. No new options will be granted under the 2007 plan.&#13;The options under the 2015 and 2017 Plans shall be granted from time to time by the Board of Directors. Individuals eligible to&#13;receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options shall have&#13;a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number of options&#13;authorized is 500
000 and 3
000
000

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;980




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048




 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;677

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;475

&#13;2017 and 2016
 the Company granted 60
000 and 172
500 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a&#13;weighted average exercise price of $2.20 and $4.01
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The fair value of the options granted&#13;during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $39
000 and $714
000

 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated&#13;on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions noted in the following table. For&#13;purposes of determining the expected life of the option


 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $276
000 and $658
000
 respectively
 and has&#13;been reported as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2017
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $795
000 which will be&#13;amortized as compensation cost as the options vest

 2016&#13;there were 84
000 options exercised into 76
966 shares of common stock at an average price of $1.37. Most of these exercises were&#13;cash-less; however
 the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $71

 2017
 the aggregate&#13;intrinsic values of $0
 for both outstanding and exercisable options

 2017








 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;504




 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;202

 2018
 pursuant to its&#13;employment agreement dated June 28
 2017 with Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
 the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors&#13;granted to Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371

2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;341




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;803


643

122

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325

955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
395


 which was $1.55
 and the exercise price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&#13;warrants as of December 31

 2017 (&amp;#8220;Closing Date&amp;#8221;)
&#13;in connection with the issuance of a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable note (See &lt;i&gt;Note 9 Convertible Note to a&#13;Related Party&lt;/i&gt; above)
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock (&amp;#8220;Warrant Shares&amp;#8221;)&#13;to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;). The Warrant Shares will expire on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the&#13;Closing Date and originally had an exercise price equal to $4.00 which was subsequently repriced on July 13

 2017
 three accredited&#13;investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
&#13;these investors&amp;#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 the Company&#13;increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental&#13;change in their fair value of $187
000 was accounted for as an increase in the fair value of the warrant liabilities as of the&#13;date of modification and recorded as a cost of warrant modification. In addition
 the Company also issued five-year warrants to&#13;purchase an aggregate of 210
111 shares of common stock at the exercise price of $3.00 to these investors. The newly issued warrants&#13;contain customary anti-dilution provisions and included a fundamental transaction provision and were accounted for as warrant liability.&#13;As such
 the fair value of the new warrants of $571

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our financing transactions to reprice warrants&#13;to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&amp;#8217; exercise prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to&#13;$1.50 per share
 The Company determined the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in an incremental&#13;charge of $1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &amp;#8220;fundamental transaction&amp;#8221; eliminating&#13;the need to classify the warrants as warrant liabilities. Upon modification
 the investors exercised warrants into 1
122
376 shares&#13;of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650
000. The Company&amp;#8217;s modification&#13;of the fundamental transaction clause enabled the remaining investor warrants of 784
549 with a fair value of $1
033

 as part of the warrant&#13;exercise agreements
 the Company issued to the investors
 pro rata based on the number of shares each investor exercised
 a second&#13;tranche of warrants to purchase 512
560 shares of our common stock and on July 19
 2017 a third tranche of warrants to purchase&#13;87
745 shares of our common stock. The second tranche of warrants have a term of 5 years
 may be exercised commencing six months&#13;after issuance and have an exercise price of $2.00. The third tranche of warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance for&#13;a term of 5 years and have an exercise price of $1.55. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution provisions. The&#13;aggregate fair value of the new warrants totaling $689
000 was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with&#13;a volatility of 53.75% an interest free rate of 1.65% and a stock price of $2.35. The fair value of the warrants was reported as&#13;a financing costs on their respective issuance dates. Financing warrant costs totaled $1
480
000 for the year ended December 31

 2017
 in connection&#13;with the Rights Offering
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock

 2017 as compensation&#13;for the backstop commitment and subject to the closing of the Rights Offering
 the Company issued to Raptor
 five-year warrants&#13;to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock

 2016
 the Company granted&#13;warrants to purchase 346
206 shares of common stock in connection with the common stock offering. The warrants have an exercise&#13;price of $4.25 per share and a term of 5 years. In addition
 the Company granted Maxim Group LLC who acted as the placement agent&#13;for the offering warrants to purchase up to 72

 2016
&#13;16
260 warrants were exercised into 16
260 shares of common stock for $45


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31













666


909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018
 pursuant to its employment&#13;agreement dated June 28
 2017 with Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
 the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors granted to&#13;Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371

 the Company agreed to pre-pay the&#13;CAPEX Loan by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when the sale should occur. In January 2018
 $312

 2018
 the board of directors&#13;issued 400
000 shares of common stock at $1.70 per share totaling $680

 2018
 the Company received a letter&#13;of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s current officers and directors

 2018
 the Company approved stock&#13;options to CEO Valentin Stalowir
 to purchase 412
735 shares of common stock with a strike price of $1.60 that vest over four&#13;years with performance criteria approved by the Board. Mr. Stalowir also received 412
736 Restricted Stock Units; and stock options&#13;to purchase an aggregate of 982
000 shares of common stock (intended to be granted as incentive stock options
 subject to the&#13;requirements of the plan and applicable law) to employees; and that non-statutory stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1
134
000&#13;shares of common stock to employees listed as &amp;#8220;Senior Management&amp;#8221;



 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

000

000

947
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
950


947
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
872

947


919



    
    

 issuance

 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Upon Issuance April 21
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Upon Modification April 21
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Upon Modification July 13


909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
626
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;280
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
906
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;138


873


109



 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;980




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048




 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;677

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;475

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Judy Reed
 wife of Christopher&#13;J. Reed
 served as Corporate Secretary along with being a member of the Board of Directors. Her replacement to the board was elected&#13;November 29

 Chris Reed (the former CEO and current&#13;CIO)
 Robert Reed (the brother of Chris Reed
 CIO)
 and Dan Miles (CFO)
 collectively advanced $571
000 to the Company for working&#13;capital uses. In 2017
 the Company repaid $240
000 to Robert Reed and subsequent to year end
 in January 2018

 the Company issued 4
300 shares of&#13;its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value of $9

 the Company entered into the following&#13;transactions with Raptor SPV LLC

 2017
 pursuant to a securities&#13;purchase agreement
 Reed&amp;#8217;s sold and issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable note in the principal amount&#13;of $3
400
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock to Raptor SPV LLC. The note bears interest at a rate of&#13;12% per annum
 compounded monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The note is secured by a second priority security interest&#13;in the Company&amp;#8217;s assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC.&#13;The note may not be prepaid and originally matured on April 21
 2019. The maturity date was subsequently extended to April 21
&#13;2021. The note may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. The original conversion&#13;price of the note was $3.00
 and this conversion price was subsequently reduced to $1.75
 and again to $1.50. The warrant will&#13;expire on April 21
 2019 and had an original exercise price equal to $4.00 per share

&#13;the Company reimbursed Raptor SPV LLC direct costs totaling $157

 2017
 we entered into a warrant&#13;exercise agreement with Raptor SPV LLC to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of our common stock. The repriced warrants have&#13;an exercise price per share of $1.50 and were revised to modify language pertaining to &amp;#8220;Fundamental Transactions&amp;#8221;.&#13;Restrictions upon exercise were waived as to the repriced warrants. Reed&amp;#8217;s received gross proceeds of $1
150
000 from Raptor&amp;#8217;s&#13;exercise of the repriced warrants. We also issued to the Raptor additional second tranche warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares&#13;of our common stock and additional third tranche warrants to purchase up to 60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants&#13;have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing 6 months from the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00.&#13;The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to&#13;$1.55. Raptor SPV LLC was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor&#13;SPV LLC or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the date hereof

 2017
 we entered into a backstop&#13;agreement with Raptor
 whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from us a minimum of $6 million of units pursuant to its subscription&#13;rights and in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. In the rights offering
 Raptor SPV LLC exercised&#13;its basic and over-subscription rights to purchase 2
666
667 units and acquired 2
666
667 shares of common stock and warrants to&#13;purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4
000
000. In addition
 pursuant to the backstop&#13;commitment agreement
 as amended
 the Company issued to Raptor SPV LLC warrants to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock. These&#13;warrants have an exercise price equal to $1.50

 in January 2018
 the&#13;board of directors appointed Daniel J. Doherty III to serve as a director. Mr. Doherty is a principal and significant shareholder&#13;of Raptor/ Harbor Reeds
 SPV
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Raptor&amp;#8221;)

 2018
&#13;the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s current officers&#13;and directors

    
    


    

    
    
    
    

    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    


    
    



 500
000 shares authorized
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
&#13;preferred stock. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 there were 9
411 shares outstanding

 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board&#13;of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. The Company cannot declare or pay any dividend on&#13;shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of the preferred stock have received the full&#13;non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. In addition

 dissolution&#13;or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations of Series&#13;A Preferred Stock)
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of Series A preferred&#13;stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.&#13;Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall be distributed pro rata among all security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 the Company has&#13;the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the&#13;sum of the original purchase price per share
 which was $10.00

 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four shares&#13;of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification

 the holders&#13;of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.&#13;However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 the Company shall not
 without first obtaining the&#13;approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a&#13;preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting

000 dividend &lt;/font&gt;payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance&#13;of 1
640 shares and 1
504 shares of its common stock
 respectively during the years ended December 31

 40
000
000 shares authorized
 and 24
619
591 shares and 13
982
230 shares outstanding as of&#13;December 31
 2017 and 2016

 in the Rights Offering
 the Company offered the distribution of rights to&#13;purchase up to $14 million of units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per&#13;share and one-half warrant to purchase common stock. Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an aggregate of 9
333
333&#13;units consisting of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 with each warrant&#13;exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. The net proceeds to the Company was $12
887

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&amp;#8220;Backstop Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&amp;#8220;Raptor&amp;#8221;)&#13;whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from the Company a minimum of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering&#13;in a private placement

 the Company issued to Raptor
 five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. Based on the completion of the Rights Offering because the offering was oversubscribed
&#13;Raptor did not purchase any unregistered units in a private placement under the provisions of the Backstop Agreement. In connection&#13;with the offering

 2017

&#13;the Company agreed to pay to Maxim as the dealer-manager
 a cash fee equal to: (i) 7% of the gross proceeds received by the Company&#13;directly from exercises of the subscription rights
 other than from exercises by our officers and directors or Raptor /Harbor Reed&amp;#8217;s&#13;SPV LLC (&amp;#8220;Raptor&amp;#8221;)
 (ii) 4% of the gross proceeds received from certain investors having prior existing relationships&#13;with the Company
 and (iii) 2% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the backstop commitment
 as described below
&#13;or from Raptor&amp;#8217;s exercise of the subscription rights. The Company paid Maxim $830
000 for it DM agreement and an additional&#13;$75
000 for expenses for a total of $905

 the Company has granted&#13;to Maxim the right of participation to act as book runner or co-manager with at least 25.0% of the economics for any and all future&#13;equity
 equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings undertaken during such period by the Company or any of&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries or successor entities until December 11

 as amended. Maxim&amp;#8217;s&#13;participation in the offering is subject to customary conditions contained in the DM Agreement
 including the receipt by Maxim&#13;of an opinion of the Company&amp;#8217;s counsel. Maxim and its affiliates may also provide to the Company from time to time in the&#13;future
 in the ordinary course of their business
 certain financial advisory

 the Company sold 117
647 shares of its common stock to a member of the board of directions&#13;valued at $1.70 per share with total proceeds $200

 the Company issued 1
122
376 shares of its common stock at $1.50 per share with gross proceeds of $1
650

 the Company entered into a&#13;securities purchase agreement with institutional investors in a private financing transaction for the issuance and sale of 692
412&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock and warrants to purchase 346
206 shares of common stock. The Company also sold 30
000&#13;shares of its common stock to certain officers of the Company at $3.90 per share with total proceeds of $117
000. The net proceeds&#13;to the Company from the sale of the shares totaled $1
687
000 after deducting underwriting discounts

 2017
 the Company issued 58
065 shares of its common stock to certain members of the board&#13;of directors valued at $1.55 per share with an aggregate value of $90
000 for services rendered. The Company also issued 4
300&#13;shares of its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value of $9

 2016
&#13;the Company issued 4
228 shares of common stock for consulting services valued at an aggregate value of $15

 2018
 the Company issued to the independent members of its board of directors issued 400
000 shares of common stock&#13;valued at $1.70 per share totaling $680
000 for services provided in 2017. These shares have been reflected as Common Stock Issuable&#13;at December 31



400



690

    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    



    



    


    


    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017&#13;and 2016

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

266

325
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;803

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048

307
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
890


 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable&#13;lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred&#13;tax assets


 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09&#13;is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current&#13;U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Under ASU 2014-09
 revenue is recognized&#13;when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which&#13;the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
&#13;amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB has recently issued ASU&#13;2016-08
 ASU 2016-10
 ASU 2016-11
 ASU 2016-12
 and ASU 2016-20 all of which clarify certain implementation guidance within ASU&#13;2014-09. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The standard can be adopted&#13;either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative&#13;effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).&#13;The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting this new guidance&#13;on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows but does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a&#13;material effect

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance&#13;sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for&#13;capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial&#13;statements. The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting&#13;this new guidance on its financial position
 results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-11
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral&#13;for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling&#13;Interests with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2017-11&amp;#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature&#13;when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&amp;#8217;s own&#13;stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required&#13;to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
&#13;and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat&#13;the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing&#13;basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities&#13;will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.&#13;The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not&#13;expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants


000 at December 31
 2017. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts more than the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
 the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances more&#13;than the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2017
&#13;the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2016
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 22% and 12% of its sales

 2017
 the Company&#13;had accounts receivable due from two customers who had balances totaling $823
000 and $450
000
 respectively
 representing 25%&#13;and 14% of total accounts receivable
 respectively; and as of December 31
 2016
 the Company had accounts receivable due from one&#13;customer who comprised $719

 2017
&#13;the Company had utilized three separate co-pack packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products in the Eastern&#13;United States. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted our own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers&#13;may cause a delay in the production process

&#13;2017 and 2016
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 20% and 26%
 respectively of its total purchases.&#13;At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts payable due to one vendor who comprised 20% of its total accounts payable. At December&#13;31
 2016


 other than the&#13;quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital&#13;lease obligations
 convertible note
 and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since the interest rates&#13;on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates. The fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using&#13;Level 2 inputs to estimate the liability at December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaling $36
000 and of $775
000

    


    



 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

370

000

370

    
    
    

 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#13;had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts available were approximately&#13;$34.8 million and $21.3 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $18.2 million and $14.5 million for state purposes respectively.&#13;The Federal carryforward expires in 2034 and the state carryforward expires in 2019. Given the Company&amp;#8217;s history of net operating&#13;losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit&#13;of the carryforwards. Accordingly

 the utilization of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s NOL may be limited to statutory limits as a result of recent change in stock ownership. NOLs incurred subsequent&#13;to the latest change in control

&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should&#13;be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&#13;As of December 31
 2017 and 2016

&#13;interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income tax asset:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
927
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
325
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve on asset impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;655
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
325
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
325

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal Statutory tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State tax


 2017 and 2016 totaled $56
000 and $54
000

 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
2017 and 2016
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew&#13;any agreement with any of their customers; accordingly


 we&#13;believe the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;504




 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;202


 2017








2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;341




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;803


643

122

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325

955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
395




 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31













666


909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
325






927

325




957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
325

957

325


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 LLC (&amp;#8220;PMC&amp;#8221;) that provides a $6
000
000 revolving line of credit
 a $3
000
000&#13;term loan and a Capital Expansion loan up to $4
700
000. The loans are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and&#13;were due on January 1
 2019. As a condition to PMC&amp;#8217;s approval of the transaction described in &lt;i&gt;Note 9 Convertible Note&#13;to a Related Party&lt;/i&gt;
 and the Purchaser&amp;#8217;s subordinated security interest
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company and PMC entered&#13;into Amendment Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement changing the Revolving Line of Credit Maturity&#13;Date
 Term Loan Maturity Date
 Cap Ex Loan Maturity Date and Term Loan B Maturity Date from January 1
 2019
 to October 21

000
000 revolving line of credit that was expanded by an additional $630
000 to accommodate prepaid inventory.&#13;At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $3
301
000 and $4
384
000

 2017
 the Company had $1
012
000 of borrowing availability under the line of credit agreement. The line of credit&#13;matures on October 21


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

000

000

947
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
950


947
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
872

947


919

 the Company entered into two Term Loans of $1
500
000 each
 for an aggregate borrowing of $3
000
000.&#13;The term loans are secured by all of the unencumbered assets of the Company and are due October 21
 2018. The annual interest rate&#13;on the loans are discussed below. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the amount outstanding was $3
000
000 and $3
000

 the Company entered into a Capital expansion loan which
 after&#13;amendment
 allows for total borrowings of $4
700
000. The loans are secured by all of the property and equipment purchased under&#13;the loan. The interest rate on the CAPEX loan is the prime rate plus 5.75% (9.5% at December 31
 2017). The entire CAPEX loan is&#13;due October 21
 2018. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the balance on the CAPEX loan was $3
947
000 and $3
950
000 respectively
&#13;and as of December 31
 2017

 the Company agreed to pre-pay&#13;the CAPEX Loan by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when the sale should occur. In January 2018
&#13;$312

 the Company issued 225
000 warrants to PMC in connection with the restructuring of the notes.&#13;The aggregate value of the warrants was valued at $179
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and was recorded&#13;as a valuation discount and has been amortized over the term loans. On December 7
 2016
 the Company agreed to reprice the exercise&#13;price of 175
000 common stock purchase warrants granted. The incremental value of the PMC warrants before and after the modification&#13;of $38
000 is being amortized over the remaining term of the loans. As of December 31
 2016
 the unamortized balance of the loans&#13;was $78
000. During the year ended 2017

 if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving line of credit remains more than $1
500
000 at all&#13;times during the preceding month (currently the Company has no further Borrowing Availability) the additional interest rate for&#13;all loans will be eliminated. The following chart summarizes borrowing rates for the loans as of December 31




400



690

 2017 (&amp;#8220;Closing Date&amp;#8221;)
&#13;pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (&amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 the Company sold and issued a secured
 convertible
&#13;subordinated
 non-redeemable note in the principal amount of $3
400
000 (&amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;) and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667&#13;shares of common stock (&amp;#8220;Warrant Shares&amp;#8221;) to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;). Raptor/Harbor Reeds&#13;owns 27.64% of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2017. The Note bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded&#13;monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The Note is secured by a second priority security interest in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (&amp;#8220;PMC&amp;#8221;).&#13;The Note matures on the two-year anniversary of the Closing date and may not be prepaid. After 180 days
 the Note may be converted
&#13;at any time and from time to time
 into 1
133
333 shares of common stock of the Company (&amp;#8220;Conversion Shares&amp;#8221;). Wunderlich&#13;Securities
 the Company&amp;#8217;s placement agent
 received a fee of $160
000 for placement agency services. In addition
 the Company&#13;incurred other direct costs of $157
000 resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $3
083

 the warrants issued to the investor included a fundamental transaction&#13;provision
 and
 as such
 were accounted for as warrant liability. Upon their issuance
 the fair value of these warrants was determined&#13;to be $3
302
000 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (see Note 10 for further discussion of warrant liability).&#13;In accordance with the current accounting guidance $3
083
000 of this amount was recorded as a valuation discount
 and the excess&#13;of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance date over the amount allocated to valuation discount of $219
000 was&#13;accounted for as a financing cost. As such
 the Company recognized a debt discount at the dates of issuance in the aggregate amount&#13;of $3
400
000 related to the fair value of the warrant liability of $3
083
000 and cash offering costs of $317
000. The debt discount&#13;is to be amortized over the term of the note. Amortization of the note discount through December 12
 2017 was $1
191
000 and the&#13;unamortized debt discount at that date was $2
209

 2017
 three accredited&#13;investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
&#13;these investors&amp;#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 the Company&#13;increased the terms of their outstanding warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental&#13;change in their fair value of $187
000 was accounted for as an increase in the fair value of the warrant liabilities as of the&#13;date of modification and recorded as a cost of warrant modification. In addition
 the Company also issued five-year warrants to&#13;purchase an aggregate of 210
111 shares of common stock at the exercise price of $3.00 to these investors. The newly issued warrants&#13;contain customary anti-dilution provisions and included a fundamental transaction provision and were accounted for as warrant liability.&#13;As such
 the fair value of the new warrants of $571

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into warrant exercise agreements with the investors to reprice the warrants to purchase 1
416
667 related to the Purchase Agreement&#13;and the 210

 2017
 in connection&#13;with the reduction of the offering price in the Rights Offering (Note 11) to $1.50
 the Company entered into an amendment to the&#13;Note further reducing the conversion price of the Note to $1.50. The Company analyzed whether the modifications of the conversion&#13;price of the Note would require application of the provisions of ASC Topic 470-50
 Accounting for Modification [or Exchange] of&#13;Convertible Debt Instruments (&amp;#8220;ASC 470-50&amp;#8221;). Based on the Company&amp;#8217;s analysis
 the Company determined that such&#13;modification resulted in a change of more than 10% of the fair value of the Note
 and as such
 accounted for the transaction as&#13;an extinguishment. Extinguishment accounting requires the removal of old liability at carrying value and the establishment of&#13;the new note at fair value. The Company retained an independent third-party valuation firm to calculate for the fair value of&#13;the new note using discounted cash flow and Black Scholes methods and determined the fair value to be $4
823
000. As such
 the&#13;original Note of $3
400
000 and corresponding unamortized discount of $2
209
000 was eliminated. Simultaneously
 the new Note&#13;of $3
400
000 was recorded and a corresponding premium of $1
423
000
 representing the excess of the fair value over the face&#13;value of the Note
 was recorded to additional paid in capital in capital. The loss realized in connection with the extinguishment&#13;of the Note totaled $3
632


 in&#13;accordance with &lt;i&gt;ASC 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;

 issuance

 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Upon Issuance April 21
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Upon Modification April 21
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Upon Modification July 13


909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
626
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;280
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
906
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;138


873


109


&#13;2016 for 418

 2017 and April 19
&#13;2017
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares and 210
111 shares
 respectively
 of the Company&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s issuance of the Convertible Note. The warrants included fundamental transaction provisions&#13;resulting in the total fair value of $3
873
000 to be classified as an increase to the warrant liability. On July 13
 2017

 2017
 three accredited&#13;investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
&#13;these investors&amp;#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 on April&#13;21
 2017
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from&#13;$4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our financing transactions to reprice warrants&#13;to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&amp;#8217; exercise prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to&#13;$1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in an incremental charge of&#13;$1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &amp;#8220;fundamental transaction

 the investors exercised&#13;warrants into 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650
000.&#13;The fair value of the warrant liability for these warrants at the date of exercise was $1
601
000 and was reclassified from the&#13;warrant liability to additional paid in capital. At the same date
 the Company and the holders of the remaining warrants agreed&#13;to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause for the remaining 784
549 investor warrants
 where the definition&#13;became dependent on obtaining board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability classification of warrants. Accordingly
&#13;the fair value of these warrants totaling $1
033

&#13;2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability&#13;was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2017
 Reed&#146;s Inc. and PMC entered into Amendment Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement changing the Revolving Loan Maturity Date
 Term Loan Maturity Date
 Cap Ex Loan Maturity Date and Term Loan B Maturity Date from January 1
 2019
 to October 21



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    

    

    



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    

    


    




    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2017&#13;and 2016
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $601
000 and $256
000


&#13;general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of&#13;reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&amp;#8217;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate



 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the&#13;asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized a $260

&#13;2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s&amp;#160;officers&#13;and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors&#13;will approve the offer&amp;#160;and the sale will be completed&amp;#160;in the summer of 2018. The letter of intent offers the Company&#13;$1
250
000&amp;#160;in cash for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the Company will be relieved of the&#13;$1
400
000 long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment&#13;charge totaling $5
925
000

 the Company established a&#13;reserve totaling $260


 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the indefinite-lived intangible&#13;asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset&#13;with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by&#13;its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended December 31
&#13;2016
 the Company recognized an impairment charge of $224
000 for the China Cola brand. There were no impairment charges incurred&#13;during the year ended December 31


 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished&#13;goods are determined on a market cost basis


 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs


 deferred taxes&#13;are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial&#13;reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if&#13;it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits


 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2017 and 2016 were approximately $4
004
000 and $3
726
000


000 and $254
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


 or b) at the&#13;date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued&#13;each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they&#13;are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then&#13;current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants


 2016
 the Company previously included a $260
000 charge for obsolete equipment in&#13;cost of goods sold and also included $254
000 of the amortization of a debt discount with respect to certain warrants in general&#13;and administrative expenses. In presenting the Company&amp;#8217;s Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and&#13;2016

    

 2017&#13;and 2016

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

266

325
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;803

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048

307
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
890


 first-out) or market

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

670

874

261
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
011

931

885


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;229




 2017 and 2016 was $2
186
000 and $2
378
000







186

    
    
    
    
    











































 2016 for 418


 2017 and April 19
 2017
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares and 210
111 shares
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the Company&#8217;s issuance of the Convertible Note. The warrants included fundamental transaction provisions resulting in the total fair value of $3
873
000 to be classified as an increase to the warrant liability. On July 13
 2017


 2017
 three accredited investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
 these investors&#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187


 2017
 the Company entered into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our financing transactions to reprice warrants to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&#8217; exercise prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to $1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in an incremental charge of $1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &#8220;fundamental transaction


 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $601
000 and $256
000




 net of reserve for obsolescence of $509
000 and $115
000



      


      



 net of accumulated depreciation and impairment reserves of $9
339
000 and $4
863
000







      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 less current portion
 net of discount of $714
000 and $825
000







      


      


      


      


      



 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9




 $.0001 par value
 40
000
000 shares authorized
 24
619
591 and 13
982
230 shares issued and outstanding




 400



      


      


      


      


















































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      






      






      






      


      






      


      






      











 net of offering costs



      






      


      


      


      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      

      




      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      





      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      








      









      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      



















      



 Outstanding













 Outstanding




















 Share Outstanding



 Share Outstanding






      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      



 Shares Outstanding














 Shares Outstanding




 Nonvested Shares Outstanding














 Nonvested Shares Outstanding





























































      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      



000


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      



500


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      






      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 net


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





      

      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      










      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      




      




      


 Share Subscribed but Unissued


      

      

      

      

      

      













      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      




      


 Plant


      

      

      

      




      

      







      


 Plant and Equipment


      

      





 Future Minimum Payments


      


 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities






 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Options
 Nonvested



 Options
 Nonvested



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      

      

      

      

      
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017











 INC.





















  2017



















































970
000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

619
591


























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











127
000


000



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $601
000 and $256
000
 respectively

691
000


485
000



Inventory
 net of reserve for obsolescence of $509
000 and $115
000
 respectively

931
000


885
000





000


000





948
000


321
000



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation and impairment reserves of $9
339
000 and $4
863
000
 respectively

000


726
000



Equipment held for sale
 net

370
000







000


000





476
000


852
000












480
000


959
000





000


000





000







301
000


384
000





000


000





000


000





947
000


000





645
000


884
000



Capital leases payable
 less current portion

000


000



Long term financing obligation
 less current portion
 net of discount of $714
000 and $825
000
 respectively

250
000


363
000



Bank notes
 less current portion



919
000





690
000







000


000





000


000





968
000


509
000










Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 9
411 shares issued and outstanding

000


000



Common stock
 $.0001 par value
 40
000
000 shares authorized
 24
619
591 and 13
982
230 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

000


000



Common stock issuable
 400
000 shares payable

000







833
000


971
000





101
000)


723
000)





000


657
000)





476
000


852
000

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.






















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























The total amount due within more than 12 month
 or the operating cycle if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts

000


000



Inventory
 reserve for obsolescence net

000


000



Property and equipment
 accumulated depreciation

414
000


603
000



Long term financing obligation
 discount

000


000



Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 par value






Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 shares issued

411


411



Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

411


411



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

619
591


982
230



Common stock
 shares outstanding

619
591


982
230





000









Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount of common stock allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of common stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











714
000


472
000





821
000


230
000





893
000


242
000












942
000


902
000





021
000


701
000





754
000


954
000





925
000


000





642
000


041
000





749
000)


799
000)





491
000)


978
000)





776
000)







275
000


000)





632
000)







373
000)


009
000)





000)


000)





378
000)


014
000)












775
828


619
930




































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
















































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.


















































































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

000


000




399
000


709
000)


000



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2015

160
860


411



















000




000



Fair value of common shares issued for services
 shares

228





















000




000



Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 shares

260





















000




000



Common shares issued upon exercise of options
 shares

966





















000




000











687
000




687
000



Common shares issued upon sale of securities
 shares

412





















000




000











000


000)





Series A preferred Stock dividend
 shares

504













Common shares issued for cash
 shares











966




























009
000)


009
000)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

000


000




971
000


723
000)


657
000)



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

982
230


411



















000




000



Fair value of common shares issued for services
 shares

365





















650
000




650
000



Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 shares

122
376













Common shares issued upon exercise of options
 shares






















000


000)





Series A preferred Stock dividend
 shares

640





















000




000



Common shares issued for cash
 shares

647













Common shares issued for cash
 net of offering costs

000






886
000




887
000



Common shares issued for cash
 net of offering costs
 shares

333
333



















000






000



Common stock issuable to the Board
 shares





000

















000




000











423
000




423
000











634
000




634
000











000




000













373
000)


373
000)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017

000


000


000


833
000


101
000)


000



Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2017

619
591


411


000













Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 net.




























Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants
 net
 shares.

























































Common stock issuable to the Board
 shares.













































































































































































Series A preferred Stock dividend
 shares.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
















































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











373
000)


009
000)












000


000





379
000


000





000


000





000







000


000





000







868
000







000


000)





000







925
000


000





275
000)


000





632
000







000







000














000)


000





000


089
000





000


000





521
000


499
000)





000


000





000)


000





422
000)


533
000)












000)


000)





000)


000)










Advances from officers
 net

000







650
000


000





000)


000)





087
000


230
000





083
000







000)


000)





000)


000)





083
000)


000)





911
000


578
000





676
000


365
000)





000


816
000





127
000


000












806
000


746
000












000


442
000







000





370
000







083
000


000







000





000


000





634
000







423
000











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).

























































The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








    
    




    
    



is the owner and maker of a leading portfolio of handcrafted
 natural beverages in the natural and specialty foods industry
 selling
to specialty gourmet
 natural food
 retail
 and convenience stores and restaurants nationwide and internationally. The Company&#8217;s
two major core brands are Reed&#8217;s Ginger Beer and Virgil&#8217;s soda beverages. Reed&#8217;s Ginger Brews are unique in the
beverage industry
 being brewed
 not manufactured
 using fresh ginger
 spices and fruits in a brewing process predating commercial
soft drinks. Virgil&#8217;s sodas include award winning Root Beer and other soft drinks that are made using natural ingredients.



    
    



been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such assumption contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year ended December 31
 2017 the Company recorded
a net loss of $18
373
000 and utilized cash in operations of $3
422
000.


 2017
 the Company had a
cash balance of $12
127
000 and had available borrowing on our existing line of credit of $1
012

estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital requirements for the next
twelve months. The Company&#8217;s has a secured working capital facility with $3.3 million of outstanding borrowings at December
31
 2017
 expiring in October 2018
 which we believe will be renewed and or be replaced. In addition
 the Company&#8217;s bank
notes (&#8220;Notes&#8221;)
 totaling $6.9 million also become due in October 2018. The Company believes it can successfully restructure
its debt before the Notes mature utilizing a combination of the cash on hand and or the cash realized from sale of the plant facility
and other assets . Furthermore
 the pending sale of the Company&#8217;s facility is expected to relieve the Company of its long
term financial obligation.


 we have financed our operations
primarily through private sales of common stock
 issuance of preferred stock
 a line of credit from a financial institution
 and
cash generated from operations. We anticipate our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales
goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive cash flow from
operations. However
 we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations.
If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 or restructure our debt as planned
 we may have
insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion
 marketing
and product development plans. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all.


 the Company anticipates
a closing of the sale of the Los Angeles plan to be completed in the summer 2018. These actions may lead to certain charges including
but not limited to additional cash-related expenses
 non-cash impairment charges
 discontinued operations and/or other costs in
connection with exit and disposal activities. Such transactions will be recognized when appropriate and may require cash payments
for obligations such as one-time employee involuntary termination benefits
 lease and other contract termination costs
 costs to
close facilities
 employee relocation costs and ongoing benefit arrangements.


 2017
 the
Company satisfied a listing deficiency with the NYSE. The listing criteria required the company to reach $6
000
000 in shareholder
equity. During the year end review of reserves for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 impairment reserve on property and equipment
and contingent liabilities the Company recognized non-cash adjustments that took the company below the continued listing criteria.
The Company will continue to work with the NYSE to explore all options to remain listed should the NYSE find the Company deficient.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    




    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives
of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred tax assets
accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#8217;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#8217;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2017 and
2016
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $601
000 and $256
000
 respectively.



    
    



cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review our
inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast
of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products can
fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders
placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&#8217;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result
in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.



    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized a $260
000 charge
for impairments for certain equipment considered obsolete since it would no longer be needed with the Los Angeles plant completion.


2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&#8217;s&#160;officers
and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors
will approve the offer&#160;and the sale will be completed&#160;in the summer of 2018. The letter of intent offers the Company
$1
250
000&#160;in cash for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the Company will be relieved of the
$1
400
000 long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment
charge totaling $5
925
000
 representing the difference between the offer terms and the net book value of the assets to be sold
and the relief of the long-term liability.


 the Company established a reserve
totaling $260
000 for obsolete equipment deemed no longer needed with the Los Angeles plant completion.



    
    



brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate these brand names will contribute cash
flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed for impairment annually
and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first
assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value.
If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized
an impairment charge of $224
000 for the China Cola brand. There were no impairment charges incurred during the year ended December
31
 2017.



    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2017. The Company
may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts more than the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
 the
Company&#8217;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances more
than the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


 2017
the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2016
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 22% and 12% of its sales
 respectively. No other
customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year.


 2017
 the Company
had accounts receivable due from two customers who had balances totaling $823
000 and $450
000
 respectively
 representing 25%
and 14% of total accounts receivable
 respectively; and as of December 31
 2016
 the Company had accounts receivable due from one
customer who comprised $719
000 (25%) of its total accounts receivable. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts
receivable in either year.


 2017
the Company had utilized three separate co-pack packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products in the Eastern
United States. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted our own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers
may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


2017 and 2016
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 20% and 26%
 respectively of its total purchases. At
December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts payable due to one vendor who comprised 20% of its total accounts payable. At December
31
 2016
 the Company had accounts payable due to two vendors who comprised 13% and 10% of its total accounts payable. No other
account was more than 10% of the balance of accounts payable in either year.



    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


 other than the
quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on the Company&#8217;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital
lease obligations
 convertible note
 and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since the interest rates
on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates. The fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using
Level 2 inputs to estimate the liability at December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaling $36
000 and of $775
000
 respectively.



    
    



costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished
goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related
to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.



    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    



approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it
is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility
is uncertain. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax
expense.



    
    



a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally
occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures
performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items.
Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016 were approximately $4
004
000 and $3
726
000
 respectively.



    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2017
and 2016
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
2
266
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
803
909
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
1
048
500
    

    
    
    
10
307
093
    
    
    
1
890
053
    




    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $491
000 and $254
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



    
    



options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants
issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the
date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued
each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they
are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then
current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement
date.


stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model and based on actual
experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense
recorded in future periods.



    
    



of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company previously included a $260
000 charge for obsolete equipment in
cost of goods sold and also included $254
000 of the amortization of a debt discount with respect to certain warrants in general
and administrative expenses. In presenting the Company&#8217;s Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016
 the Company has reclassified the charge for the obsolete equipment to Impairment of assets and the amortization of the debt
discount in interest expense.



    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09
is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current
U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Under ASU 2014-09
 revenue is recognized
when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which
the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB has recently issued ASU
2016-08
 ASU 2016-10
 ASU 2016-11
 ASU 2016-12
 and ASU 2016-20 all of which clarify certain implementation guidance within ASU
2014-09. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The standard can be adopted
either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative
effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).
The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting this new guidance
on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows but does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a
material effect
 if any. The Company will adopt the provisions of this statement in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance
sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for
capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial
statements. The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting
this new guidance on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows. The Company will adopt the provisions of this
statement in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and believes that the adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material effect
if any.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-11
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral
for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interests with a Scope Exception&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2017-11&#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature
when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&#8217;s own
stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required
to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat
the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing
basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities
will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
2
670
000
    
    
    
3
874
000
    

    
    
    
3
261
000
    
    
    
3
011
000
    

    
    
    
5
931
000
    
    
    
6
885
000
    



materials at year end which will not be used until the following year. Total prepaid inventory at December 31
 2017 and 2016
totaled $40
000 and $294
000
 respectively. The Company has recorded an obsolescence reserve for potentially slow moving and obsolete
inventory. The reserve at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 totaled $509
000 and $115
000
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








    
    



following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
1
107
000
    
    
    
1
107
000
    

    
    
    
2
360
000
    
    
    
1
875
000
    

    
    
    
568
000
    
    
    
600
000
    

    
    
    
4
924
000
    
    
    
3
696
000
    

    
    
    
226
000
    
    
    
226
000
    

    
    
    
507
000
    
    
    
475
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
610
000
    

    
    
    
9
692
000
    
    
    
12
589
000
    

    
    
    
(5
414
000
    
    
    
(4
603
000
    

    
    
    
(3
925
000
    
    
    
(260
000
    

    
    
    
353
000
    
    
    
7
726
000
    



 2018
the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&#8217;s current officers
and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors
will approve the offer and the sale will be completed in the summer of 2018. The letter of intent offers the Company $1
250
000
in cash&#160;for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the Company will be relieved of the $1
400
000
long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment charge totaling
$5
925
000
 representing the difference between the offer terms and the net book value of the assets to be sold and the relief
of the long-term liability.


 the Company established a reserve
totaling $260
000 for obsolete equipment deemed no longer needed with the Los Angeles plant completion.


31
 2017 and 2016 totaled $551
000 and $387
000
 respectively.


under capital leases totaled $414
000 and $226
000 as of December 31
 2017
 and 2016

Payable





    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
4
370
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
370
000
    
    
    
    
    



 the Company agreed to pre-pay the
) by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
when the sale should occur. In January 2018
 equipment with no book value was sold for $312
000 and the CAPEX Loan was repaid
for this amount.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



for the Company&#8217;s brand names:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
576
000
    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
805
000
    
    
    
805
000
    



brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are tested for impairment annually. For the year ended
December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized an impairment charge
 completely writing off its China Cola Brand
 totaling $224
000.
No impairment charge was incurred for the year ended December 31
 2017.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (&#8220;PMC&#8221;) that provides a $6
000
000 revolving line of credit
 a $3
000
000
term loan and a Capital Expansion loan up to $4
700
000. The loans are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and
were due on January 1

to a Related Party
 and the Purchaser&#8217;s subordinated security interest
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company and PMC entered
into Amendment Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement changing the Revolving Line of Credit Maturity
Date
 Term Loan Maturity Date
 Cap Ex Loan Maturity Date and Term Loan B Maturity Date from January 1
 2019
 to October 21
 2018.


as follows:

The
agreement provides a $6
000
000 revolving line of credit that was expanded by an additional $630
000 to accommodate prepaid inventory.
At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $3
301
000 and $4
384
000
 respectively.


..45% of the average monthly loan balance.


on 85% of accounts receivable and 60% of eligible inventory and is secured by substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets.
As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had $1
012
000 of borrowing availability under the line of credit agreement. The line of credit
matures on October 21
 2018 and is not subject to pre-payment penalty.

 - Bank notes consist
of the following as of December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
000
000
    
    
    
3
000
000
    

    
    
    
3
947
000
    
    
    
3
950
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(78
000
    

    
    
    
6
947
000
    
    
    
6
872
000
    

    
    
    
(6
947
000
    
    
    
(953
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
919
000
    



and Security Agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into two Term Loans of $1
500
000 each
 for an aggregate borrowing of $3
000
000.
The term loans are secured by all of the unencumbered assets of the Company and are due October 21
 2018. The annual interest rate
on the loans are discussed below. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the amount outstanding was $3
000
000 and $3
000
000 respectively.


Loan: In connection with the Loan and Security Agreement with PMC
 the Company entered into a Capital expansion loan which
 after
amendment
 allows for total borrowings of $4
700
000. The loans are secured by all of the property and equipment purchased under
the loan. The interest rate on the CAPEX loan is the prime rate plus 5.75% (9.5% at December 31
 2017). The entire CAPEX loan is
due October 21
 2018. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the balance on the CAPEX loan was $3
947
000 and $3
950
000 respectively
and as of December 31
 2017
 the Company had no further borrowing availability.


 the Company agreed to pre-pay
the CAPEX Loan by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when the sale should occur. In January 2018
$312
000 of equipment was sold and the CAPEX Loan was repaid for this amount.


upon Amendments): In prior years
 the Company issued 225
000 warrants to PMC in connection with the restructuring of the notes.
The aggregate value of the warrants was valued at $179
000 using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model and was recorded
as a valuation discount and has been amortized over the term loans. On December 7
 2016
 the Company agreed to reprice the exercise
price of 175
000 common stock purchase warrants granted. The incremental value of the PMC warrants before and after the modification
of $38
000 is being amortized over the remaining term of the loans. As of December 31
 2016
 the unamortized balance of the loans
was $78
000. During the year ended 2017
 the remaining unamortized balance was fully amortized.




terms above
 if Excess Borrowing Availability under the $6 million Revolving line of credit remains more than $1
500
000 at all
times during the preceding month (currently the Company has no further Borrowing Availability) the additional interest rate for
all loans will be eliminated. The following chart summarizes borrowing rates for the loans as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



fee for the line of credit. When added to current rate
 the current annual rate on the line of credit is approximately 13.25%.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



brewery operations with an aggregate value of $944
000 under nine non-cancelable capital leases. Monthly payments range from $341
to $10
441 per month
 including interest
 at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.31% per annum. The Company&#8217;s total payment
obligation for the leases aggregates $19
000 per month at December 31
 2017. The leases expire at various dates through 2021.


capital leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
227
000
    

    
    
    
188
000
    

    
    
    
59
000
    

    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
476
000
    

    
    
    
(42
000
    

    
    
    
434
000
    

    
    
    
(198
000
    

    
    
    
236
000
    





































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
186
000
    
    
    
2
378
000
    

    
    
    
(714
000
    
    
    
(825
000
    

    
    
    
1
472
000
    
    
    
1
553
000
    

    
    
    
(222
000
    
    
    
(190
000
    

    
    
    
1
250
000
    
    
    
1
363
000
    



 2009
 the Company closed
escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement for
the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery
equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an
agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing
involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.
The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 were originally recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.
Monthly payments under the financing agreement of approximately $35
000 are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the
financing obligation at an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation was personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000
by former Chief Executive Officer and current Chief Innovation Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.


and subsequent amendments
 the Company issued an aggregate of 600
000 warrants to purchase its common stock. The 600
000 warrants
were valued at an aggregate amount of $1
336
000 and were recorded as a valuation discount at the date of issuance
 and are being
amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. The balance of the unamortized valuation discount at December 31
 2017
and 2016 was $714
000 and $825
000
 respectively. Amortization of valuation discount was $110
000 for each of the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016.


obligation at December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $2
186
000 and $2
378
000
 respectively. Aggregate future obligations under the financing
obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
259
000
    

    
    
    
299
000
    

    
    
    
344
000
    

    
    
    
395
000
    

    
    
    
667
000
    

    
    
    
2
186
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



consists of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
400
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
290
000
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible Note Payable
 Net
    
    
3
690
000
    
    
    
    
    



 2017 (&#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (&#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;)
 the Company sold and issued a secured
 convertible
subordinated
 non-redeemable note in the principal amount of $3
400
000 (&#8220;Note&#8221;) and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667
shares of common stock (&#8220;Warrant Shares&#8221;) to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&#8220;Purchaser&#8221;). Raptor/Harbor Reeds
owns 27.64% of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2017. The Note bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum
 compounded
monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The Note is secured by a second priority security interest in the Company&#8217;s
assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (&#8220;PMC&#8221;).
The Note matures on the two-year anniversary of the Closing date and may not be prepaid. After 180 days
 the Note may be converted
at any time and from time to time
 into 1
133
333 shares of common stock of the Company (&#8220;Conversion Shares&#8221;). Wunderlich
Securities
 the Company&#8217;s placement agent
 received a fee of $160
000 for placement agency services. In addition
 the Company
incurred other direct costs of $157
000 resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $3
083
000.


fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date and have an exercise price equal to $4.00. The Warrant Shares will not be exercisable
until 180 days after the Closing date. The Note and Warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions and the Conversion Shares
and Warrant Shares are subject to a registration rights agreement. The investor was granted a right to participate in future financing
transactions of the Company for a term of two years. In addition
 the warrants issued to the investor included a fundamental transaction
provision
 and
 as such
 were accounted for as warrant liability. Upon their issuance
 the fair value of these warrants was determined
to be $3
302
000 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (see Note 10 for further discussion of warrant liability).
In accordance with the current accounting guidance $3
083
000 of this amount was recorded as a valuation discount
 and the excess
of the fair value of the warrant liability at the issuance date over the amount allocated to valuation discount of $219
000 was
accounted for as a financing cost. As such
 the Company recognized a debt discount at the dates of issuance in the aggregate amount
of $3
400
000 related to the fair value of the warrant liability of $3
083
000 and cash offering costs of $317
000. The debt discount
is to be amortized over the term of the note. Amortization of the note discount through December 12
 2017 was $1
191
000 and the
unamortized debt discount at that date was $2
209
000.


 2017
 three accredited
investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s
financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
these investors&#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 the Company
increased the terms of their outstanding warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental
change in their fair value of $187
000 was accounted for as an increase in the fair value of the warrant liabilities as of the
date of modification and recorded as a cost of warrant modification. In addition
 the Company also issued five-year warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 210
111 shares of common stock at the exercise price of $3.00 to these investors. The newly issued warrants
contain customary anti-dilution provisions and included a fundamental transaction provision and were accounted for as warrant liability.
As such
 the fair value of the new warrants of $571
000 was accounted for as a warrant liability and a financing cost at the issue
date. Fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.


 2017
 the Company entered
into warrant exercise agreements with the investors to reprice the warrants to purchase 1
416
667 related to the Purchase Agreement
and the 210
111 shares of our common stock discussed above.


 2017
 in connection
with the reduction of the offering price in the Rights Offering (Note 11) to $1.50
 the Company entered into an amendment to the
Note further reducing the conversion price of the Note to $1.50. The Company analyzed whether the modifications of the conversion
price of the Note would require application of the provisions of ASC Topic 470-50
 Accounting for Modification [or Exchange] of
Convertible Debt Instruments (&#8220;ASC 470-50&#8221;). Based on the Company&#8217;s analysis
 the Company determined that such
modification resulted in a change of more than 10% of the fair value of the Note
 and as such
 accounted for the transaction as
an extinguishment. Extinguishment accounting requires the removal of old liability at carrying value and the establishment of
the new note at fair value. The Company retained an independent third-party valuation firm to calculate for the fair value of
the new note using discounted cash flow and Black Scholes methods and determined the fair value to be $4
823
000. As such
 the
original Note of $3
400
000 and corresponding unamortized discount of $2
209
000 was eliminated. Simultaneously
 the new Note
of $3
400
000 was recorded and a corresponding premium of $1
423
000
 representing the excess of the fair value over the face
value of the Note
 was recorded to additional paid in capital in capital. The loss realized in connection with the extinguishment
of the Note totaled $3
632
000 and is reflected in the accompanying Statement of Operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



to finance operations have been accompanied by the issuance of warrants. Some of these warrant agreements contain fundamental transaction
provisions which may give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to the warrant holders. For accounting purposes
 in

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 those warrants with fundamental transaction terms are accounted
for as liabilities given the terms may give rise to an obligation of the Company to the warrant holders. These liabilities are
measured at fair value at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying
Statements of Operations.


was determined at the following reporting
 issuance
 and modification dates using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
and the following assumptions:



    
    

        
31
 2016
    
    
Upon Issuance April 21
 2017
    
    
Upon Modification April 21
 2017
    
    
Upon Modification July 13
 2017
    
    

        
31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
418
909
    
    
    
1
626
778
    
    
    
280
147
    
    
    
1
906
925
    
    
    
138
762
    

    
    
    
775
000
    
    
    
3
873
000
    
    
    
187
000
    
    
    
1
109
000
    
    
    
36
000
    



2016 for 418
909 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions.


 2017 and April 19
2017
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares and 210
111 shares
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s common
stock in connection with the Company&#8217;s issuance of the Convertible Note. The warrants included fundamental transaction provisions
resulting in the total fair value of $3
873
000 to be classified as an increase to the warrant liability. On July 13
 2017
 these
warrants were repriced as discussed below.


 2017
 three accredited
investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s
financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
these investors&#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 on April
21
 2017
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from
$4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187
000 on the modification date was reported as an increase to
the warrant liability.


 2017
 the Company entered
into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our financing transactions to reprice warrants
to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&#8217; exercise prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to
$1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in an incremental charge of
$1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &#8220;fundamental transaction
&#8221; eliminating
the need to classify the warrants as a warrant liability.


 the investors exercised
warrants into 1
122
376 shares of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650
000.
The fair value of the warrant liability for these warrants at the date of exercise was $1
601
000 and was reclassified from the
warrant liability to additional paid in capital. At the same date
 the Company and the holders of the remaining warrants agreed
to modify the language of the fundamental transaction clause for the remaining 784
549 investor warrants
 where the definition
became dependent on obtaining board approval
 thus eliminating the need for the liability classification of warrants. Accordingly
the fair value of these warrants totaling $1
033
000 was reclassified from the warrant liability to additional paid in capital.


2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability
was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


the calculations was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its
common stock to estimate the expected volatility. The expected life of the warrants was determined by the remaining contractual
life of the warrant instrument. The expected dividend yield was determined to be zero since the Company has not paid dividends
to its common stockholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to its common stockholders in the future.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    


Series A Convertible Preferred
Series A Preferred stock consists of $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
preferred stock. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 there were 9
411 shares outstanding
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00
per share. Each share of Series A Preferred stock can be converted into four shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board
of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. The Company cannot declare or pay any dividend on
shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of the preferred stock have received the full
non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to receive pro
rata distributions of dividends on an &#8220;as converted&#8221; basis with the holders of our common stock.


 dissolution
or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations of Series
A Preferred Stock)
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of Series A preferred
stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.
Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall be distributed pro rata among all security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 the Company has
the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the
sum of the original purchase price per share
 which was $10.00
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.


converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four shares
of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification
and similar transactions. The Company is obligated to reserve authorized but unissued shares of common stock enough such shares
to affect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock.


 the holders
of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.
However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 the Company shall not
 without first obtaining the
approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a
preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other
security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.

paid
a $5

 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance
of 1
640 shares and 1
504 shares of its common stock
 respectively during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. No shares
of Series A preferred stock were converted into common stock in 2017 and 2016.

Common
stock consists of $.0001 par value
 40
000
000 shares authorized
 and 24
619
591 shares and 13
982
230 shares outstanding as of
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Common Stock Issued in Connection
with the Rights Offering &#8211; 
 in the Rights Offering
 the Company offered the distribution of rights to
purchase up to $14 million of units
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per
share and one-half warrant to purchase common stock. Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company sold an aggregate of 9
333
333
units consisting of 9
333
333 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 with each warrant
exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share. The net proceeds to the Company was $12
887
000
after deducting all offering costs and dealer-manager fees and expenses.


 2017
 the Company entered
into a definitive backstop commitment agreement (&#8220;Backstop Agreement&#8221;) with Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&#8220;Raptor&#8221;)
whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from the Company a minimum of $6 million of unregistered units not subscribed in the Rights Offering
in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. Raptor had the right to exercise its basic subscription right
and over-subscription privilege as a rights holder in the Rights Offering (subject to pro-ration) but had no obligation to do so.


and subject to the closing of the Rights Offering
 the Company issued to Raptor
 five-year warrants to purchase a minimum of 750
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Based on the completion of the Rights Offering because the offering was oversubscribed
Raptor did not purchase any unregistered units in a private placement under the provisions of the Backstop Agreement. In connection
with the offering
 the Company also agreed to register the shares of common stock underlying the units (including shares of common
stock underlying the warrants contained in the units) and shares of common stock underlying the backstop warrants. The Company
registered the shares in February 2018.

Common Stock Issued Pursuant to a
Dealer-Manager Agreement in the Rights Offering - 
 2017
 the Company entered into a dealer-manager agreement
(&#8220;DM Agreement&#8221;) with Maxim Group LLC (&#8220;Maxim&#8221;) in connection with the Rights Offering.


the Company agreed to pay to Maxim as the dealer-manager
 a cash fee equal to: (i) 7% of the gross proceeds received by the Company
directly from exercises of the subscription rights
 other than from exercises by our officers and directors or Raptor /Harbor Reed&#8217;s
SPV LLC (&#8220;Raptor&#8221;)
 (ii) 4% of the gross proceeds received from certain investors having prior existing relationships
with the Company
 and (iii) 2% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the backstop commitment
 as described below
or from Raptor&#8217;s exercise of the subscription rights. The Company paid Maxim $830
000 for it DM agreement and an additional
$75
000 for expenses for a total of $905
000.


 the Company has granted
to Maxim the right of participation to act as book runner or co-manager with at least 25.0% of the economics for any and all future
equity
 equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings undertaken during such period by the Company or any of
the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries or successor entities until December 11
 2018.


Maxim and its respective affiliates against certain liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. Maxim&#8217;s
participation in the offering is subject to customary conditions contained in the DM Agreement
 including the receipt by Maxim
of an opinion of the Company&#8217;s counsel. Maxim and its affiliates may also provide to the Company from time to time in the
future
 in the ordinary course of their business
 certain financial advisory
 investment banking and other services for which Maxim
will be entitled to receive fees.

Common Stock Issued in Connection
with the Sale of Shares - 
 the Company sold 117
647 shares of its common stock to a member of the board of directions
valued at $1.70 per share with total proceeds $200
000.


warrants
 the Company issued 1
122
376 shares of its common stock at $1.50 per share with gross proceeds of $1
650
000.


 the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement with institutional investors in a private financing transaction for the issuance and sale of 692
412
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and warrants to purchase 346
206 shares of common stock. The Company also sold 30
000
shares of its common stock to certain officers of the Company at $3.90 per share with total proceeds of $117
000. The net proceeds
to the Company from the sale of the shares totaled $1
687
000 after deducting underwriting discounts
 commissions and offering
expenses.

Common Stock Issued for Services
- 
 2017
 the Company issued 58
065 shares of its common stock to certain members of the board
of directors valued at $1.55 per share with an aggregate value of $90
000 for services rendered. The Company also issued 4
300
shares of its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value of $9
000 for services rendered.


 2016
the Company issued 4
228 shares of common stock for consulting services valued at an aggregate value of $15
000 for services rendered.

On
January 10
 2018
 the Company issued to the independent members of its board of directors issued 400
000 shares of common stock
valued at $1.70 per share totaling $680
000 for services provided in 2017. These shares have been reflected as Common Stock Issuable
at December 31
 2017 in the accompanying Statement of Stockholders&#8217; Equity.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








    
    


During
the year
 the Company had three equity plans in place to incentivize performance by employees
 directors
 and consultants: The
2007 Stock Option Plan
 the 2015 Incentive and Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan
 and in 2017 the Company adopted the 2017 Incentive
Compensation Plan (the &#8220;Plans&#8221;). In 2017
 the 2007 plan expired. No new options will be granted under the 2007 plan.
The options under the 2015 and 2017 Plans shall be granted from time to time by the Board of Directors. Individuals eligible to
receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options shall have
a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number of options
authorized is 500
000 and 3
000
000
 respectively for the Plans.


following:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        (Years)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
172
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(84
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
1
048
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
000
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(431
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
475
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



2017 and 2016
 the Company granted 60
000 and 172
500 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&#8217;s common stock at a
weighted average exercise price of $2.20 and $4.01
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The fair value of the options granted
during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $39
000 and $714
000
 respectively.


value of options granted during 2017 and 2016 was $.65 and $4.01
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions noted in the following table. For
purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free rate
for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



vesting
 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $276
000 and $658
000
 respectively
 and has
been reported as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2017
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $795
000 which will be
amortized as compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 to 4 years.


 2016
there were 84
000 options exercised into 76
966 shares of common stock at an average price of $1.37. Most of these exercises were
cash-less; however
 the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $71
000. There were no options exercised
in 2017.


 2017
 the aggregate
intrinsic values of $0
 for both outstanding and exercisable options
 was calculated as the difference between the Company&#8217;s
market price of $1.55 and the exercise price.


outstanding and exercisable as of December 31
 2017
 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
202
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
115
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
475
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
360
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
475
400
    
    
    
    
    



non-vested shares granted under the Company&#8217;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2017 and changes during the year then
ended is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2016
    
    
504
966
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
68
134
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(431
000
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2017
    
    
202
100
    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 pursuant to its
employment agreement dated June 28
 2017 with Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
 the Company&#8217;s board of directors
granted to Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371
218 shares of stock. The securities are to be
issued pursuant to Reed&#8217;s 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. The options will have an exercise price of $1.70. Other terms
of the granted securities will be set by the Company&#8217;s compensation committee in compliance with the 2017 Incentive Compensation
Plan.







    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        (Years)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2015
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
152
000
    

    
    
    
478
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(16
260
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
803
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
000
    

    
    
    
7
643
749
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
122
376
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
115
955
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
1
395
246
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
78
374
    




9 Convertible Note to a Related Party 


as the difference between the closing market price
 which was $1.55
 and the exercise price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
warrants as of December 31
 2017.


 2017 (&#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)

Related Party
 the Company issued a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock (&#8220;Warrant Shares&#8221;)
to Raptor/Harbor Reeds SPV LLC (&#8220;Purchaser&#8221;). The Warrant Shares will expire on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the
Closing Date and originally had an exercise price equal to $4.00 which was subsequently repriced on July 13
 2017 as discussed
below. The Warrant Shares will not be exercisable until 180 days after the Closing date. The Note and Warrant contain customary
anti-dilution provisions and the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares are subject to a registration rights agreement. The investor
was granted a right to participate in future financing transactions of the Company for a term of two years.


 2017
 three accredited
investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s
financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
these investors&#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 the Company
increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental
change in their fair value of $187
000 was accounted for as an increase in the fair value of the warrant liabilities as of the
date of modification and recorded as a cost of warrant modification. In addition
 the Company also issued five-year warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 210
111 shares of common stock at the exercise price of $3.00 to these investors. The newly issued warrants
contain customary anti-dilution provisions and included a fundamental transaction provision and were accounted for as warrant liability.
As such
 the fair value of the new warrants of $571
000 was accounted for as a warrant liability and a financing cost at the issue
date. The fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.


 2017
 the Company entered
into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our financing transactions to reprice warrants
to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&#8217; exercise prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to
$1.50 per share
 The Company determined the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in an incremental
charge of $1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &#8220;fundamental transaction&#8221; eliminating
the need to classify the warrants as warrant liabilities. Upon modification
 the investors exercised warrants into 1
122
376 shares
of common stock at the repriced $1.50 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $1
650
000. The Company&#8217;s modification
of the fundamental transaction clause enabled the remaining investor warrants of 784
549 with a fair value of $1
033
000 to be
reclassified from a liability to equity.


 as part of the warrant
exercise agreements
 the Company issued to the investors
 pro rata based on the number of shares each investor exercised
 a second
tranche of warrants to purchase 512
560 shares of our common stock and on July 19
 2017 a third tranche of warrants to purchase
87
745 shares of our common stock. The second tranche of warrants have a term of 5 years
 may be exercised commencing six months
after issuance and have an exercise price of $2.00. The third tranche of warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance for
a term of 5 years and have an exercise price of $1.55. The newly issued warrants contain customary anti-dilution provisions. The
aggregate fair value of the new warrants totaling $689
000 was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with
a volatility of 53.75% an interest free rate of 1.65% and a stock price of $2.35. The fair value of the warrants was reported as
a financing costs on their respective issuance dates. Financing warrant costs totaled $1
480
000 for the year ended December 31
2017.


 2017
 in connection
with the Rights Offering
 the Company sold warrants to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock
 with each warrant exercisable
for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.025 per share.


 2017 as compensation
for the backstop commitment and subject to the closing of the Rights Offering
 the Company issued to Raptor
 five-year warrants
to purchase a minimum of 750
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 with each warrant exercisable for one share of common
stock at an exercise price of $1.50 per share.


 2016
 the Company granted
warrants to purchase 346
206 shares of common stock in connection with the common stock offering. The warrants have an exercise
price of $4.25 per share and a term of 5 years. In addition
 the Company granted Maxim Group LLC who acted as the placement agent
for the offering warrants to purchase up to 72
703 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.74 and are exercisable for
a term of 5 years.


 2016
16
260 warrants were exercised into 16
260 shares of common stock for $45
000.


2017 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates are as follows:



As of December 31
 2016
    
    
As of December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

418
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
138
762
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
784
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
600
305
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
666
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

803
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



 2017 and 2016
 the Company
had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts available were approximately
$34.8 million and $21.3 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $18.2 million and $14.5 million for state purposes respectively.
The Federal carryforward expires in 2034 and the state carryforward expires in 2019. Given the Company&#8217;s history of net operating
losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit
of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit.


Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership of companies with loss carry forwards
 the utilization of the
Company&#8217;s NOL may be limited to statutory limits as a result of recent change in stock ownership. NOLs incurred subsequent
to the latest change in control
 are not subject to the limitation.


tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should
be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits.


interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has not accrued interest or
penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Tax years 2010 through 2017 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions
to which the Company is subject.


Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the carryforwards and will
recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.


deferred income tax assets are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
927
000
    
    
    
10
325
000
    

    
    
    
227
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
655
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
957
000
    
    
    
10
325
000
    

    
    
    
(9
957
000
    
    
    
(10
325
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    





under non-cancelable operating leases in the past and is currently leasing facilities on a month to month basis. Rental expense
under these agreements and other operating leases for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaled $56
000 and $54
000
 respectively.




with customers with clauses committing the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the agreement early or without cause.
The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&#8217;s products to a defined type of retailer
within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically renew the agreements without
cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
2017 and 2016
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew
any agreement with any of their customers; accordingly
 no such fees have been accrued in the accompanying financial statements.




 we are a party to
claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims
and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss
is estimable and the loss is probable.


matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 we
believe the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity
or results of operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



 Judy Reed
 wife of Christopher
J. Reed
 served as Corporate Secretary along with being a member of the Board of Directors. Her replacement to the board was elected
November 29
 2017 and she has agreed to remain as Corporate Secretary. Complete compensation information follows below in Part
III.


 Chris Reed (the former CEO and current
CIO)
 Robert Reed (the brother of Chris Reed
 CIO)
 and Dan Miles (CFO)
 collectively advanced $571
000 to the Company for working
capital uses. In 2017
 the Company repaid $240
000 to Robert Reed and subsequent to year end
 in January 2018
 the remaining balance
was repaid to Chris Reed and Dan Miles.


 the Company issued 4
300 shares of
its common stock to a related party valued at $2.20 per share with an aggregate value of $9
000 for services rendered.


 the Company entered into the following
transactions with Raptor SPV LLC
 in which Mr. Doherty has an indirect material interest as principal and significant shareholder
of Raptor SPV LLC:


 2017
 pursuant to a securities
purchase agreement
 Reed&#8217;s sold and issued a secured convertible subordinated non-redeemable note in the principal amount
of $3
400
000 and a warrant to purchase 1
416
667 shares of common stock to Raptor SPV LLC. The note bears interest at a rate of
12% per annum
 compounded monthly on a 360-day year/ 30-day month basis. The note is secured by a second priority security interest
in the Company&#8217;s assets
 which is subordinate to the first priority security interest of PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC.
The note may not be prepaid and originally matured on April 21
 2019. The maturity date was subsequently extended to April 21
2021. The note may be converted
 at any time and from time to time
 into shares of common stock of the Company. The original conversion
price of the note was $3.00
 and this conversion price was subsequently reduced to $1.75
 and again to $1.50. The warrant will
expire on April 21
 2019 and had an original exercise price equal to $4.00 per share
 which exercise price was subsequently reduced
to $1.50. The note and warrant contain customary anti-dilution provisions and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the note and exercise of the warrant have been registered on Form S-1. Raptor SPV LLC was also granted a right to participate
in future financing transactions of the Company for a term of two years.


the Company reimbursed Raptor SPV LLC direct costs totaling $157
000 incurred to issue the note.


 2017
 we entered into a warrant
exercise agreement with Raptor SPV LLC to induce Raptor to purchase 766
667 shares of our common stock. The repriced warrants have
an exercise price per share of $1.50 and were revised to modify language pertaining to &#8220;Fundamental Transactions&#8221;.
Restrictions upon exercise were waived as to the repriced warrants. Reed&#8217;s received gross proceeds of $1
150
000 from Raptor&#8217;s
exercise of the repriced warrants. We also issued to the Raptor additional second tranche warrants to purchase up to 350
000 shares
of our common stock and additional third tranche warrants to purchase up to 60
000 shares of our common stock. Second tranche warrants
have a term of five years
 may be exercised commencing 6 months from the date of issuance and have an exercise price equal to $2.00.
The third tranche warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance for a term of five-years
 with an exercise price equal to
$1.55. Raptor SPV LLC was also granted the right to appoint a non-voting observer to our board of directors for so long as Raptor
SPV LLC or its affiliates is a beneficial owner of our stock. As of the date hereof
 Raptor SPV LLC has not made such an appointment.


 2017
 we entered into a backstop
agreement with Raptor
 whereby Raptor agreed to purchase from us a minimum of $6 million of units pursuant to its subscription
rights and in a private placement
 subject to customary terms and conditions. In the rights offering
 Raptor SPV LLC exercised
its basic and over-subscription rights to purchase 2
666
667 units and acquired 2
666
667 shares of common stock and warrants to
purchase up to 1
333
333 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4
000
000. In addition
 pursuant to the backstop
commitment agreement
 as amended
 the Company issued to Raptor SPV LLC warrants to purchase 750
000 shares of common stock. These
warrants have an exercise price equal to $1.50
 are not exercisable for a term of 180 days from the date of issuance and have a
cashless exercise feature and registration rights. We will be subject to certain liquidated damages if we do not register the warrant
shares within the prescribed time frame.


 in January 2018
 the
board of directors appointed Daniel J. Doherty III to serve as a director. Mr. Doherty is a principal and significant shareholder
of Raptor/ Harbor Reeds
 SPV
 LLC (&#8220;Raptor&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s largest shareholder. Mr. Doherty has joint voting
and dispositive control of the equity securities held by Raptor with another of its principals.


 2018
the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&#8217;s current officers
and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. See further description regarding
the offer in 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



 2018
 pursuant to its employment
agreement dated June 28
 2017 with Valentin Stalowir
 Chief Executive Officer
 the Company&#8217;s board of directors granted to
Mr. Stalowir 371
218 restricted stock units and options to purchase 371
218 shares of stock. The securities are to be issued pursuant
to Reed&#8217;s 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. The options will have an exercise price of $1.70. Other terms of the granted
securities will be set by the Company&#8217;s compensation committee in compliance with the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan.


 the Company agreed to pre-pay the
CAPEX Loan by at least $300
000 from the proceeds of the sale of idle equipment
 when the sale should occur. In January 2018
 $312
000
of equipment was sold and the CAPEX Loan was repaid for this amount.


 2018
 the board of directors
issued 400
000 shares of common stock at $1.70 per share totaling $680
000 to independent board members for past services provided
in 2017.


 2018
 the Company received a letter
of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&#8217;s current officers and directors
 for the purchase

and Equipment


 2018
 the Company approved stock
options to CEO Valentin Stalowir
 to purchase 412
735 shares of common stock with a strike price of $1.60 that vest over four
years with performance criteria approved by the Board. Mr. Stalowir also received 412
736 Restricted Stock Units; and stock options
to purchase an aggregate of 982
000 shares of common stock (intended to be granted as incentive stock options
 subject to the
requirements of the plan and applicable law) to employees; and that non-statutory stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1
134
000
shares of common stock to employees listed as &#8220;Senior Management&#8221;
 subject to applicable securities laws. The option
portions are subject to performance based criteria approved by the Board of Directors.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable
lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded long-term assets and intangibles
 realization of deferred
tax assets
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.







    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#8217;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#8217;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2017
and 2016
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $601
000 and $256
000
 respectively.







    
    



cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review
our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast
of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products can
fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of
reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&#8217;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which
could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.







    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company recognized a $260
000 charge
for impairments for certain equipment considered obsolete since it would no longer be needed with the Los Angeles plant completion.


2018
 the Company received a letter of intent from a party
 partially owned by Chris Reed
 one of the Company&#8217;s&#160;officers
and directors
 for the purchase of substantially all of the assets of the Los Angeles plant. It is anticipated the Board of Directors
will approve the offer&#160;and the sale will be completed&#160;in the summer of 2018. The letter of intent offers the Company
$1
250
000&#160;in cash for the LA plant buildings
 equipment
 and fixed assets. In addition
 the Company will be relieved of the
$1
400
000 long-term liability attached to the property. Based on the terms of the offer
 the Company has recorded an impairment
charge totaling $5
925
000
 representing the difference between the offer terms and the net book value of the assets to be sold
and the relief of the long-term liability.


 the Company established a
reserve totaling $260
000 for obsolete equipment deemed no longer needed with the Los Angeles plant completion.







    
    



indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate these brand names will
contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed
for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our
impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the indefinite-lived intangible
asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset
with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by
its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended December 31
2016
 the Company recognized an impairment charge of $224
000 for the China Cola brand. There were no impairment charges incurred
during the year ended December 31
 2017.







    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2017. The Company
may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts more than the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
 the
Company&#8217;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances more
than the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


 2017
the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 23% and 16% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2016
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 22% and 12% of its sales
 respectively. No other
customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year.


 2017
 the Company
had accounts receivable due from two customers who had balances totaling $823
000 and $450
000
 respectively
 representing 25%
and 14% of total accounts receivable
 respectively; and as of December 31
 2016
 the Company had accounts receivable due from one
customer who comprised $719
000 (25%) of its total accounts receivable. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts
receivable in either year.


 2017
the Company had utilized three separate co-pack packers for most its production and bottling of beverage products in the Eastern
United States. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted our own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers
may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


2017 and 2016
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 20% and 26%
 respectively of its total purchases.
At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accounts payable due to one vendor who comprised 20% of its total accounts payable. At December
31
 2016
 the Company had accounts payable due to two vendors who comprised 13% and 10% of its total accounts payable. No other
account was more than 10% of the balance of accounts payable in either year.







    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


 other than the
quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on the Company&#8217;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of capital
lease obligations
 convertible note
 and long-term financing obligations approximate their fair values since the interest rates
on these obligations are based on prevailing market interest rates. The fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using
Level 2 inputs to estimate the liability at December 31
 2017 and 2016 totaling $36
000 and of $775
000
 respectively.







    
    



the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
direct inventory write-off charges and adjustments to the inventory reserve. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished
goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related
to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.







    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.







    
    



approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future
deductibility is uncertain. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters
in income tax expense.







    
    



a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally
occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures
performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items.
Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016 were approximately $4
004
000 and $3
726
000
 respectively.







    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2017
and 2016
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
2
266
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
803
909
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
1
048
500
    

    
    
    
10
307
093
    
    
    
1
890
053
    









    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $491
000 and $254
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.







    
    



options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants
issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the
date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Options granted to non-employees are revalued
each reporting period to determine the amount to be recorded as an expense in the respective period. As the options vest
 they
are valued on each vesting date and an adjustment is recorded for the difference between the value already recorded and the then
current value on the date of vesting. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement
date.


stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model and based on
actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation
expense recorded in future periods.







    
    



of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company previously included a $260
000 charge for obsolete equipment in
cost of goods sold and also included $254
000 of the amortization of a debt discount with respect to certain warrants in general
and administrative expenses. In presenting the Company&#8217;s Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016
 the Company has reclassified the charge for the obsolete equipment to Impairment of assets and the amortization of the debt
discount in interest expense.







    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09
is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current
U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Under ASU 2014-09
 revenue is recognized
when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which
the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB has recently issued ASU
2016-08
 ASU 2016-10
 ASU 2016-11
 ASU 2016-12
 and ASU 2016-20 all of which clarify certain implementation guidance within ASU
2014-09. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The standard can be adopted
either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative
effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).
The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting this new guidance
on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows but does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a
material effect
 if any. The Company will adopt the provisions of this statement in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance
sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for
capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial
statements. The Company is currently in the process of analyzing the information necessary to determine the impact of adopting
this new guidance on its financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows. The Company will adopt the provisions of this
statement in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and believes that the adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material effect
if any.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-11
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral
for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interests with a Scope Exception&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2017-11&#8221;). ASU 2017-11 allows companies to exclude a down round feature
when determining whether a financial instrument (or embedded conversion feature) is considered indexed to the entity&#8217;s own
stock. As a result
 financial instruments (or embedded conversion features) with down round features may no longer be required
to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. A company will recognize the value of a down round feature only when it is triggered
and the strike price has been adjusted downward. For equity-classified freestanding financial instruments
 an entity will treat
the value of the effect of the down round as a dividend and a reduction of income available to common shareholders in computing
basic earnings per share. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion features containing down round provisions
 entities
will recognize the value of the down round as a beneficial conversion discount to be amortized to earnings. ASU 2017-11 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The guidance in ASU 2017-11 can be applied using a full or modified retrospective approach. The adoption of ASU 2017-11 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








 2017
and 2016
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
2
266
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
803
909
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
37
644
    

    
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
1
048
500
    

    
    
    
10
307
093
    
    
    
1
890
053
    


































































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
2
670
000
    
    
    
3
874
000
    

    
    
    
3
261
000
    
    
    
3
011
000
    

    
    
    
5
931
000
    
    
    
6
885
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
1
107
000
    
    
    
1
107
000
    

    
    
    
2
360
000
    
    
    
1
875
000
    

    
    
    
568
000
    
    
    
600
000
    

    
    
    
4
924
000
    
    
    
3
696
000
    

    
    
    
226
000
    
    
    
226
000
    

    
    
    
507
000
    
    
    
475
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
610
000
    

    
    
    
9
692
000
    
    
    
12
589
000
    

    
    
    
(5
414
000
    
    
    
(4
603
000
    

    
    
    
(3
925
000
    
    
    
(260
000
    

    
    
    
353
000
    
    
    
7
726
000
    








the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
4
370
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
370
000
    
    
    
    
    


































































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









for the Company&#8217;s brand names:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
576
000
    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
805
000
    
    
    
805
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








 - Bank notes consist
of the following as of December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
000
000
    
    
    
3
000
000
    

    
    
    
3
947
000
    
    
    
3
950
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(78
000
    

    
    
    
6
947
000
    
    
    
6
872
000
    

    
    
    
(6
947
000
    
    
    
(953
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
919
000
    








rates for the loans as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









capital leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
227
000
    

    
    
    
188
000
    

    
    
    
59
000
    

    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
476
000
    

    
    
    
(42
000
    

    
    
    
434
000
    

    
    
    
(198
000
    

    
    
    
236
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
186
000
    
    
    
2
378
000
    

    
    
    
(714
000
    
    
    
(825
000
    

    
    
    
1
472
000
    
    
    
1
553
000
    

    
    
    
(222
000
    
    
    
(190
000
    

    
    
    
1
250
000
    
    
    
1
363
000
    








obligation at December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $2
186
000 and $2
378
000
 respectively. Aggregate future obligations under the financing
obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
259
000
    

    
    
    
299
000
    

    
    
    
344
000
    

    
    
    
395
000
    

    
    
    
667
000
    

    
    
    
2
186
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









consists of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
400
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
290
000
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible Note Payable
 Net
    
    
3
690
000
    
    
    
    
    









Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









was determined at the following reporting
 issuance
 and modification dates using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
and the following assumptions:



    
    

        
31
 2016
    
    
Upon Issuance April 21
 2017
    
    
Upon Modification April 21
 2017
    
    
Upon Modification July 13
 2017
    
    

        
31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
418
909
    
    
    
1
626
778
    
    
    
280
147
    
    
    
1
906
925
    
    
    
138
762
    

    
    
    
775
000
    
    
    
3
873
000
    
    
    
187
000
    
    
    
1
109
000
    
    
    
36
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







following:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        (Years)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
980
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
172
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(84
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
1
048
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
000
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(431
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
475
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions noted in the following
table. For purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free
rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








outstanding and exercisable as of December 31
 2017
 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
202
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
115
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
475
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
360
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
677
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
475
400
    
    
    
    
    








non-vested shares granted under the Company&#8217;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2017 and changes during the year then
ended is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2016
    
    
504
966
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
68
134
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(431
000
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2017
    
    
202
100
    
    
    
    
    











    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        (Years)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2015
    
    
341
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
152
000
    

    
    
    
478
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(16
260
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
803
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
000
    

    
    
    
7
643
749
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
122
376
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
115
955
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
1
395
246
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
78
374
    








2017 and their respective exercise price and expiration dates are as follows:



As of December 31
 2016
    
    
As of December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

418
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
138
762
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
784
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
600
305
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
666
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

803
909
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
325
282
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    































































































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









deferred income tax assets are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
927
000
    
    
    
10
325
000
    

    
    
    
227
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
655
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
957
000
    
    
    
10
325
000
    

    
    
    
(9
957
000
    
    
    
(10
325
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




373
000


009
000







422
000


533
000







127
000


000


816
000





012
000









300
000









  2018









900
000









000


657
000)


000














  2018









947
000


872
000



































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




000


000





925
000


000







000





000







000


000





004
000


726
000





000


000





754
000


954
000





379
000


000



Scenario
 Previously Reported [Member]










000



Customer One [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]





























000


000



Customer Two [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]





























000





Other Customer [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Minimum [Member]






























































































000



March 24
 2018 [Member] | Board of Directors [Member]








250
000







400
000



































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.

























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date for elements of machinery or equipment held for the purpose of replacing similar parts in the course of repair or maintenance.




























Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount paid for incentive rights held by the managing member or general partner
 of limited liability company (LLC) or limited partnership (LP).
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

































































Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




307
093


890
053












266
667














325
282


909












644


644












500


048
500





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











000


000





000


000
































































Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











670
000


874
000





261
000


011
000



Inventory
 total

931
000


885
000



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




925
000


000





000


000





000


000







000












000





March 24
 2018 [Member] | Board of Directors [Member]








250
000







400
000





January 10
 2018 [Member] | Capex Loan [Member]








000






































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.






















































































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date for elements of machinery or equipment held for the purpose of replacing similar parts in the course of repair or maintenance.




























Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








107
000


107
000





360
000


875
000





000


000





924
000


696
000





000


000





000


000







610
000





692
000


589
000





414
000)


603
000)





925
000)


000)





000


726
000

































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.






















































































Amount before accumulated depreciation of fixtures and equipment. Includes
 but is not limited to
 machinery
 equipment
 and engines.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








370
000







000
000)







370
000






































Equipment held for sale
 net of reserve.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Impairment of intangible assets
 finite-lived



000












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




000


000












000


000












000


000







Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































012
000









186
000









  2018









000
000









000









301
000


384
000


































  2018


















275
000)


000







379
000


000









000

























000
000


















  2018









947
000


950
000












Capex Loan [Member] | January 10
 2018 [Member]












000




































000
000


000
000
















500
000


















000





PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member]










000







PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Two Term Loans [Member]












  2018









000
000









500
000





PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Issuance of Warrants Upon Amendments [Member]










000




000







000





PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Loan and Security Agreement [Member]












000
000









000
000









  2019









 2017
 Reed&#146;s Inc. and PMC entered into Amendment Number Fifteen to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement changing the Revolving Loan Maturity Date
 Term Loan Maturity Date
 Cap Ex Loan Maturity Date and Term Loan B Maturity Date from January 1
 2019
 to October 21
 2018.





PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | Capex Loan [Member]












700
000





PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC [Member] | Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | Maximum [Member]












700
000











































































































































































































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a rate subject to change from time to time.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 12
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






209
000)


000)





900
000









947
000




000









919
000














000
000




000
000





947
000




950
000









000)





947
000




872
000





947
000)




000)









919
000







Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.




























Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























The total amount due within more than 12 month
 or the operating cycle if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017











































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















000










000






























441






































































Gross amount of long-lived
 depreciable flight assets used in the entity's principle business operations
 subject to a lease and meeting the criteria for capitalization.

























































This element represents the payments that the lessee is obligated to make or can be required to make in connection with a property under the terms of an agreement classified as an operating lease
 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.




























Amount of cash outflow for costs that are essential to originate the lease and would not otherwise have been incurred without the lease agreement. Amount includes
 but is not limited to
 cash outflows to evaluate the lessee's credit condition
 guarantees
 and collateral and cash outflows for costs incurred in negotiating
 processing
 and executing the lease agreement.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











000







000







000







000







000







000)







000







000


000





000


000







Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 12
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Jun. 02
 2016




056
000

















000










































416
667


111







275
000)



000

















000



209
000











379
000



000














186
000



378
000































000


































762



909









206





209
000


































000

















336
000


































000



000














000



000
















 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





 2016 for 418































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.




























Remaining amortization period for discount on the liability component of convertible debt which may be settled in cash upon conversion
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.






















































































Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




000)


000)





186
000







000


000





250
000


363
000












186
000


378
000





000)


000)





472
000


553
000





000)


000)





250
000


363
000







Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000





000





000





000





186
000



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Dec. 12
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 06
 2017
Jul. 13
 2017
Jun. 02
 2016




400
000























416
667


111












































275
000



000)


















379
000



000












209
000









000






















































632
000






632
000)


















































416
667










































111
































147


























































































































823
000
















































000)



000)


















191
000










































762



909







206
































209
000































































302
000





















000





















400
000





















000










































083
000





















083
000










































666
666










































887
000



























































000


















































































400
000





















423
000












































416
667




















































































400
000





















416
667










































133
333





















000





















083
000












































111










































000



















































































































































000


000

















 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





 2016 for 418




























































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























Fair value portion of borrowing which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder
 for example
 but not limited to
 the entity's common stock.



















































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt premium.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Convertible Note Payable
 Net

690
000














400
000







000





Convertible Note Payable
 Net

690
000









Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017




















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 28
 2017
Dec. 06
 2017
Jul. 13
 2017








275
000


000)











416
667


111





















































868
000

















650
000


000
































601
000


































762





















666
666















































033
000

















549




































909
































275
000


000
































873
000






























416
667


































000


































147










































































































122
376








906
925


























109
000

















650
000










































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.














































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Apr. 19
 2017
Jun. 02
 2016




































































416
667









111














275
000)



000






















































































































































































































626
778




















873
000









































































































































906
925



147

















109
000



000











































































































































































































000



000

























































762



909





206







 2017 and April 19
 2017
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 1
416
667 shares and 210
111 shares
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the Company&#8217;s issuance of the Convertible Note. The warrants included fundamental transaction provisions resulting in the total fair value of $3
873
000 to be classified as an increase to the warrant liability. On July 13
 2017





 2017
 the Company entered into warrant exercise agreements with certain investors holding participation rights in our financing transactions to reprice warrants to purchase 1
906
925 shares of our common stock. The warrants&#8217; exercise prices were lowered from $3 and $4 per share to $1.50 per share
 and the incremental cost before and after the modification of the warrants resulted in an incremental charge of $1
109
000. The warrants were also changed to modify language pertaining to a &#8220;fundamental transaction





 2017
 three accredited investors that are party to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 26
 2016 and hold participation rights in the Company&#8217;s financing transactions agreed to waive their participation rights with regard to the April 21
 2017 financing. In consideration
 these investors&#8217; participation rights
 expiring in May 2017
 were extended for a period of two years. In addition
 on April 21
 2017
 the Company increased the terms of their outstanding 280
147 warrants by one year and reduced the exercise price from $4.25 to $3.00
 The incremental change in their fair value of $187





 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





 2016 for 418








Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.






















































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































































Preferred stock
 par value | $ / shares




















Preferred stock
 shares authorized







000


000


000


000







Preferred stock
 shares outstanding







411


411


411


411







Common stock
 par value | $ / shares




















Common stock
 shares authorized







000
000


000
000


000
000


000
000







Common stock
 shares outstanding







982
230


619
591


619
591


982
230









000
000

























111












416
667



























































687
000







Common stock issued for services
 value | $











000)


000)




































000










































000


















































000

































































416
667






































































000
000



















000


000


























































































000





















000


000



















000


















































416
667

















687
000






































































Preferred stock
 par value | $ / shares
































000
000





















333
333



















666
666


666
666










































887
000










































000


000



















640


504








































122
376































































650
000






































412





















206






206


















































































647










































000









Common stock issued for services
 shares











065






























Common stock issued for services
 value | $











000






























Common stock issued for services
 shares











300






























Common stock issued for services
 value | $











000






























Common stock issued for services
 shares













228







Common stock issued for services
 value | $













000







Board of Directions [Member] | January 10
 2018 [Member]




















Common stock issued for services
 shares











000






























Common stock issued for services
 value | $











000








































































Preferred stock
 par value | $ / shares




















Preferred stock
 shares authorized









000


000









Preferred stock
 shares outstanding









411


411









Preferred stock shares
 liquidation preference | $ / shares



























































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.











































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)





























































































































































































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Dec. 28
 2017
Jul. 19
 2017
Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Jun. 02
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 06
 2017







































000



500











































000



000











































000



000




















000


























000























966














































000




























































416
667


111


















































275
000



000)




















650
000



000











































000)



000)























260











































560


















































































745






































































































549























033
000








































416
667












































906
925








122
376














































109
000























650
000






































906
925








122
376














































650
000










































147














































111





































































000














































000




000












































206


762



909
















































































































000




























































































480
000












































703


















































































666
666


























































762














































647


























260























000





































416
667


























































































667























150
000










































000



































































January 10
 2018 [Member] | Chief Executive Officer [Member] | Restricted Stock [Member]




































218









January 10
 2018 [Member] | Chief Executive Officer [Member] | Stock Options [Member]



























































218


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































500
000














































000
000













 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





 2016 for 418
















































































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.






















































































Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.













































































































































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Shares
 Granted

000


500



Shares
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending













Shares Outstanding
 Beginning balance

048
500


000



Shares
 Granted

000


500



Shares
 Exercised



000)



Shares
 Forfeited or expired

000)


000)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending balance

500


048
500





400





Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited or expired






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable






Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Outstanding
 Beginning

000





Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Outstanding
 Ending



000



Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Share Exercisable










Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


































































































The estimated amount of dividends to be paid to holders of the underlying shares (expected dividends) over the option's term. Dividends are taken into account because payment of dividends to shareholders reduces the fair value of the underlying shares
 and option holders generally do not receive dividends.




























The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















500















400

























500















400

























000















000
































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]






Nonvested
 Shares Outstanding
 Beginning

966





Nonvested
 Shares Granted

000


500



Nonvested
 Shares Vested

134





Nonvested
 Shares Forfeited

000)





Nonvested
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending

100


966



Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding
 Beginning balance






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Granted






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Vested






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Forfeited






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding
 Ending balance



























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

909


261



Shares
 Granted

643
749


909



Shares
 Exercised

122
376)


260)



Shares
 Forfeited or expired






Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance

325
282


909



Shares Exercisable
 Ending Balance

395
246





Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited or expired






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning Balance






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable Ending Balance








000


000





955


000





374



































































Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning Balance.




























Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning Balance.




























Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding Beginning Balance.

































































































































































































































































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 06
 2017
Jun. 02
 2016


























000


000










































000


000










































000


000










































000


000










































762


909











































































549












































305
























































































666
666












































000












































325
282


909






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











800
000


300
000





200
000


500
000


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











927
000


325
000





000







000







000







957
000


325
000





957
000)


325
000)









































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











000


000



































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Dec. 06
 2017
Dec. 06
 2017
Jul. 13
 2017
Apr. 21
 2017
Apr. 19
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 28
 2017
Dec. 12
 2017
Jun. 02
 2016














000

























000













Number of shares issued for services
 value











000)



000)






























400
000













416
667


111



























  2018


















































  2019


















































650
000



000





































000
000
















































Number of shares issued for services
 shares











365



228










Number of shares issued for services
 value





























































762



909







206





























































416
667






















































000
























































000












































































































































400
000

























416
667


















































  2019

























 2021.
















































667


















































150
000


















































000




































































































000


































































































666
667


















































333
333


















































666
667
















































000


000


















































000
000














































Number of shares issued for services
 shares











300






































Number of shares issued for services
 value











000

















 2017 for 138
762 warrants containing fundamental transaction provisions. The change in the fair value of the warrant liability was $3
275
000 and $232
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





 2016 for 418



















































































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.






















































































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 28
 2018
Jan. 10
 2018
Jan. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016










000


500
















Number of shares issued for services
 value







000)


000)
















Number of shares issued for services
 shares







065





Number of shares issued for services
 value







000

























































Number of shares issued for services
 shares



000









Number of shares issued for services
 value



000









































000


000






















218


























218





































736


























735




















































000













134
000









































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.


















































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( (F @DP?(\\#P    !






!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M

M 5!+ P04     )@()


MK!7FWSO=A&3=%$5-I2-OX[/IS?
QOHGQ1(

M1@0J]BR (8$==NCX7X&]BXA@@0C
(#+T:$&/87H

-F*RHISD1O!_N009DT%

MUZ87WI%)=1;X_+F*1J
N&3FD:M;E!SIZ47J9N9:O/Q&C%V)!NF*U(PW].J
M/U!+ P04     )@()







MW [0J4)'_6CH1W
_.OC63O:2N'ZTSQP(^!?@SW8P(_AK4CK.5VN&ST$G.3



MHF;+

Y88Q4:1EQH=;R3(.6.&AU%KB !6%40U2.FY%A],A&%+'+8ZAT!

1Y_AQF-G%JZY#:



MQ::IQ&5'*R&?=5S7BI;2/ A!)1D;?Z@CR);#1R;)D2KY-C\I/T*TQ7))4B
MISCR)6:LY%@T(6

M:;55VVN2D



D2%B-=LIDX+JQX5M
M6%V;3)KC[Y T'&N:P.GX+?L7V[QN9DLEV_#Z3[57IV58A

M#:5A


MK+)\$5U


M^=T)09;

(%'A$A'X

EPF99@IZ 2QV5!2'R+RF_+&/IRX?HR


M )@()


M;(67;V^;
!#&OPKB?8O/!HRK)%+3:=JD3:HZ;7M-$R=! YR!TW3??N9/
^([




;0JX$VXR-UUG/W?]-U=MZWI?5AE?1_=.*-D

9!%F#Z./%M 9!Q\=D?-S'Q]/XV)N#

2O



\WU
+]3W9]
M]*)-G&

MIP%.VSC'-@[
]W%.N'

MOQ@S-

-:&A EP9$DPWTT$#_;!!
-O'!OZE@5:3#8*A0?SP?0QF*&!^3FD

M9ZQNOWV_5YZ^7;UW@09F?6;(8GR;V2 FL)D$



(F 20?F6AL31'PR


L^0E<$
M)A$PJ8#9*NXQNM


MW1@_Q%UIGPU2I;N!GF 9OP%





P';C-%7!QIM/1PLMTB*(];M R@@3=^4\7'GM$'GE&[!1:?^R[R


M@DS]

MC^(V%
6_N*=37RO_R0C!FEFJJJ56FFTU;;/&? ,:!-D\RP_?9- LN[W':
M%R#A^/K83GZ^MI?'NOG:;KWO9M^J

M?5D?[^=J_OW&Y]W;MAMN)*OEH7CS?_CNR^&YZ:^22Y3-KO+[=E?O9XU_O9\_

M=^-_?6O;_N['2G&V3#Z&0&?-XTE#UYJ+(NFC7ZH@5


ME^UM76=/





W-^:BFS2:CEK.A

MZ&P

:E!KAT(2Z!2 L_DI3]



<;NDE\*:UH4 *[*.-_ =W(_N:+S'9I9*



/%?8.N 9 (DGP!L+!25?^6.

&\^QS


=19$E4!:
;[9O&=:2$.++/G.MLBP]TH:





A_^2L$5/-=@F39
C)?8F3?+
M.P_L77I$]C=\G/9OPC;2.')!'UXV];]&]!D;&[+7A@\V&@MK'XVTXVW'
M1L-C-_T@-G_CX@]02P
$%     @ B838283BT 0  T@,  !@   !X;]W


M ;Y+&-WJ3&(E%\27:'RJYK%A$!!Y:."-L5GDI*!32^#EKTB5D)*[/;^H?
M4NVAEHMP\(3JAZQ]5]![2FIHQ*#\
XX?8:[GEI*Y^
]P!17@
9
0HT+ETDJJ



L1

\O@F?\.G


M_@!02P
$%     @ B83*R?[K6U 0  T@
#'9AP





MK4AW0;P+WFNQ?7?(V#4233&G


M965T



M684VIP=**JA%K\*3'3[5,\;2J;B/\,5%(9')9BCM,JGE92]#U9/+A%BY=Q



$
M%     @ B83)C
Y?RS 0  T@






XJ5H\3SMLHO[
M.-WP=(9M _@
X O@.N9A4Z*H_+-PHL@
CL1

$96Q'OO'CK

M2+#_;XE;

O

MQ?:
LH/@&<)D]N<2:CD8LQ+
#[7!4U
M0J@\D%!X':%1U J&$:/Q=-NH8,Q.WY3?UCK!UKN0@'CT;]D+7OGI'20V-
M&)5_
M



MQGC 5)(;'*$./]AJ*&A\.+['LYW';#:\&98?Q-9O7/X&4$L#!!0    ( (F


MPSEG+@SI@.;)-@.O&C5VHPVSG4'QFS1@!;VCMH_4V%1@OG35
SVQD0921I

Q.7Y7?TAUNYK.0L+]ZC^RM(U&;VAI(1*]
H]
MXO -IGJ^4#(5_P





*-%@^\=EV!]QC5T+!!N#L]



-/ =W(_^9+S%
M%I:J4Z!MAYH8J'-ZDQZ.^Q ? WYV

MMR!E(/(RGF9.NJ0

4CW@.-7F.OY
M0
D

MPZ9$4?EGX421&1R)F7K?B_#$Z8'[WI3!&5L1[[QXZ[V7@J=)QBZ!:(XY3C%\
M%9



Z\%*2*S]K?]@
MBR&A=N'XR9_--&:3X;??Q!;OG'Q&U!+ P04     )@()
VC+A#K4!  #2




V6CLBVL!



CAC*^(=BG?HO10\V6?L$HCFF.


 5!+ P04     )@(),'A]G,;4!  #2 P
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q.2YX;6Q]4V%OW 

M3DFD7JMIDS;IU&GK9RYQ$E0(&9!+]^]G2)IF6[0O@(W?\[
QV6CLBVL!/'G5
MJG


M


M&!Z48([2*!=74@[.&SVSH!0M7J===G$?IYLTG6'; #X#^ (XQ#QL2A25/PHO

[8BGB'XAUZKP5/;C-V#41SS&F*X:N89(E@R+ZD

MX=E.8S89WO3S#V++-RY^ U!+ P04     )@()

IIZ;K0!  #2 P  &0


YX;6Q]4]MNW 0_17$!P2;W;3IRK:4









MQFS9@A;V!GOH_$V-1@OG3=
PVQL0501IQ?AN=\NTD!TMLN@[FR+#P2G9P=D0



\YYQJZ!:(XY33%\%;-?(IAG7U+PK10G_@^<




&[ !08=U

MM6
M9^'AP:J?L@IM3N\HJ: 6O0J/=O@
4SW7E$S%?X4+* R/2C!':95/*RE[

M971S+W-H965T
C

P^#(3^Q2ZQ=Q^\*'@+(P&*+_QJ^\
M-G#KB=$XB%JYW^!P45HT XMQI6'O_;-JW?/6?TGSP0P;T

M)Z99L9+B%LC^\#MF_V.RI.9L#G;3'87[9IQ79O=:4)JOHJLE&C#;'D/O
&1$

M  1^;B/
 HN0&%=0_$B1QGX)(=!$%9&)2B6 @OHZ#3Q]Q-8KAM 86? ! T
MD0$$US5)'BF(GP
(E
XF='#Y$U#;Z=S70:)+D-P!R@O%._SR!0-M%H&X


(#C]M\/L.-9*?L2
MN/.[]]X!EVQ4^M6T !:]2=&9'+?6]@=3-F9.9.]=Y+[72DED7ZH:87@.K

M$ @HK6=@;KG (PCAB9R-/S


M@




VF
;!8P+

H
^9T1U\=

M965T

M[M\/L.MY*5\
=[Q[[^[@G(U*OYH6P*(W*3J3X];:_DB(*5N0S-RI'CIW4BLM


M


+5=X B$\D4OC]\R)%TD?N-Z_LW\.M;M:+LS DQ*_
E-Z9VA%

2)?@BG\?!--







?=[V[L8!   W!   &0   'AL



U? /[O3MK9Y&9I6P%2-
JB314&7Y8



MCW??
=_B]9&ZNRF\


M_PNG\?!--

X+[SP5#S0T_B]\'*E7INM6&G11UCV?T.1**0LNE=6=
MRZ5Q4SP;'KKMSNWU^-;'@VKNFE
R?ROR/\ 4$L#!!0    ( (J @DPS@XJ6

 S]
M%4$?4-E*VJ6!;:#I



&9VQ%O$/Q#KW7@A^2C%T#T1QSFF+X

6]5
MLE5/%=@F3I
CI1ETG.25=QG8!Q[?Y%_X-.W?A&TZ[

)L.;?OY!;/G&Q5]02P
$%     @ BH3&^9MAK&


M9I:R%2!-JR324&7X?GTX)AX? ']:&



89*X




R8TQU]=3S)IO7!


K //+[)7_@T[5^%;63G

M     *@()


M

M6)'UHH$?X'[V9^
MMJA44D-G)7;$0)W3V]WQE 9\!#Q)&.WJ3$(E%\3G8'RM

MD@IJ
2CWB.
7F.OY0

LN[N-T



S
N



MW\Z%']B$@$&E+0


M)*^
]U9&69R3FR6:

MM4F;%'7:]MN!UCU![--Z-Y^MJ&,I?Z#?:_/.??#ON2CTJ^F [#H37!IMQ9
MVQ\)
54'@IH[U8-T)XW2@EIGZI:87@.M TEPDB7))R(HD[C
@^^LRUP-EC
)
M9XW

MZ?&T\_@ ^

.4V8;(5)%P1QZDN(+!;B








M+@[ZO JS

*6YL=UWR]
M;.4M:+OM;;@]17@1F]7?6Z-;;/?-+(\RUNN:8K*


M
H3R


M)


M='

8)9%F4E6[TJXTZFK;WTSB

ME:G;PM9!8_:K\%$\;%0\=!@17PIS:6_N@Z&4%VN_#0]_[U9A/# RI=EV0XB\

-B9?7XN

^3 KQ0/U@




M*.&#RU%IJKUD%I#
 A2=.FP6_$^

D@H X06#J&
$\J &#A





2'Z9)P26'P'YL7H0
MB-6#0-HSZPD+F8!&M6\+X]G#((VZ&R4$\DTEP@(E(%#ML1/ J7W!2!O%2Q






%$FBE*D-ZA$L/


WKVT(1\!IDQ^QO<S.
MSCAD-^L8?Q
E(=)YKVDCUFXI9;OR/%&4I
;BB;6D44^.C-=8JB


PK
WLLR);17]5!EFLW



WY4E+@$H!:E=
IM[':\WX] ?)

F\
M!HKE V^!Z9V2XJ57HH*R58 +BR)$A1XW@91W# W2VSL)+*$=XHT#$[D1VE

M_L76KFLY8PE'3GXWA:I3]]%UBAQ1]0+[[_6$_L.F/QW^$1,.-$YTCYT3:
M?R?OI.)T5-%6*'X?QH;9L1]VHBMMG1






QF*8

@77H/


!3\


M7F0#H+Q71CN9HT:I_HBQ+!M@1#[Q'CJ]4G/!B-*EN&'9R5)3&*0]]/
2-M
MAXK



XQY
M$N2-X;_ ZB&&R=ZCY)3:?^]\BX59Z.*ML+(JQO;SHZ#6TGBD;9-$=.!&
8V(@@FM8')1;CI(K3\:

M.$QJ

MDDU#R8:AQ6L\):ODR2':


M
S8&(YUPUI1<U:CY/+UM^!QP- .L @GFO2B]G8TZF<&'O1D^_G
MK1]J1X224FH*K!YW<B4:B;EX^](ZD^:.G ^?F/_:I)7R9RP( =&_]1G66W]
MS/?.Y()O5#ZQ_AL9$XI];\S^![D3JN#:B=(H&17FURMO0K)F9%%6&OPZ/.O6




MXKF?&-AV;!C*TE4[L=-.[+ 3+^S$EDX$(MN.#8


M

^

5[&
M.+Y
/%7[@[83R6K1\;WX)?1S]ZC
*)F\;*M&M'TEVTB)W3+^C._7F%H#I_A=
MB7-_U8]L*B]2OMK!]^TR1I9(U&*CK0MNFI-8B[JVG@S'W]%I/


M^XTVQU[+9O1B4!K^-K15Z]KSZ/]B!AN0T8!

P:

(4  [S<(IP
MNZ#S'

MF&1%.4\U4TDQ0%7Z5#@(]BE+

%


MV+O







 S]%4$?

MZA; H#?.A







M5Z'Q@V%D/\TTF7\LQ1]02P
$%     @ BH3 /?+:[? 0  -04  !D   !X

?83CHNWF0%H)QW1AN9HDJI



]P JKAQHG^
M1LZIM$\G/TK%V:BK3#RWH]U8\=NT#_3E@G^0/!'@A?^EQ ,A.*@'MG-NH3


I

MPR6%QYLR^P102P









:D84W;'!+O(LO)9M%/.
M(\(H3*(B; @1.&I'8%(X!&
1X$0[/+X(''Q*^P9IB&=L4,04N!!WN&\DUC
MY4I9^:;Q$^G8^,MR0LYUHDFV,87M10%_T:XB)]595*\ CFQGY

M(YVX5
:CBA.9=N1\OV(M2M+!*)!]N1 GY$DNBP@2CD(-Z#2OZ?22ML(PIX

N;_%<NI6M\$H U,B:Q)6(WUB-WX@H$9YYR
L



MES
M!B^'JL8-KVAC



I5R0RQIX2KI_6_LP%K7LO$J5&[UU;-;J]=C-)U)O!




M%(5?!?$  U\(TJ)U'2:-FF3JD[;?KN)DZ 9K:3=&\_8RC+PK'$GX+-\;W7



M BM

5-$J2Y

I&H\'T88/8(




W%XTMY?HO4$L#!!0    ( (J @DSJFAAA

!#]



=:LW




C;,-:M&_MA
M)XY'-]B!C YD<@A#E\L@Y+_1#4M<BEZ3P[%[ZC]Q\$C
;4IK=&5PNV9X)6Q

 R9Q

MW&5,%GYL1M090.H1#!!A*D $&\#.]JT88K429@2(9()(L1#
!A8)
'R/
M
$1KEL7


Q







:)
VF?WNDF%:\'%YU*3=[[MFILVPW^CS!W0# $!&

MO1\HW@[7%ACOSN(?4$L#!!0    ( (J @DR0

  


MG;1J==?/;.(DJ(!SX&S:?U\;O#380YO[DH!Y9N:9&?N!65YD^[4[J&;W75








M&'/_+MI#V73!JU1Z^.A'A+V42N@*D0]:!8YZLAYO*K%7YC+5U^TP7@XW2I[L
MZ!R-\_OZ!U!+ P04     *@()

M:&5E='





SFU$GO&38F5--\*1
1(?U'UVFR$'GE]E'U9T5J6O'8$/:S<


M:_4+423/!+\XHMVMAIA#@9:!7LR=F;1K9[]IMU+/GO
(QYEW-H$ZS'.+P0

MOD6LIX@ ]1!/^A58% %MOQPP ^CL8H6$UM,;3&?$A3ZOC_2 N!2' UQ-X(
XY\^%+R'ZB*#G1C'JP+






RL/JXW?5JMB.RG]X_GTLSB]<:9MT'^6OFWZN#[I.W*

R0^O[SH@9=H6.8]QG:8;=\AG;8?WI/B/2GJ242)7/08<^!):&&M

T'I)FNQ]G6I.M1R%][1'88\HGAXS!\'(:)8Q;%86@*I#.'


MMF!H&Z\*RP Z%'U](E$F ;L%1^^


M

::TE2G04PGT28[0IQOY$7V20)\DIT_Q

L5MF6)=4





M






MT0?D553U4O?/@


TX@)%YCP'G'8(J)@AF M8%81.E6$MCZ^4Q&O


$



MX\Q_A6T#Z R@R^#[U

MO13[-

G_]&G;GYEN.FG0

_'XYNO7=Q76\



M*PTJ)C7=22L-JJ2RF\'V)1Q]$

M;0;;Q\A!!!U$

M@J;$/QK1



(\
\&@_9

3K
FAW

MNHN+@60 R.F
LT4BI1QQ
+4
4*NL6[*I98H
YY!Q*$PM ]1&KCD44\L1M9-G



MUL5R




'T#LV]@

L5PN3!L'&
C6

 0
MC/P5QR0F?(&(1^%($AQ) AAT
-EVF*3#;#H
&;+6!A/NCN



!X!X.
A@!$
EP6$(V$=H=C
$XM$ DR%A!9'@
H1L

M0+ K0EYDPHB J?&(
F; .DNUZ
 D6!MQ;[.D

MAW8.J!(5Y)X+0'5D*AWJ$D5%0G91@IDJ;J;

M2;MM.5C;PQD ;*A+L#$=2&F.-2%0)(N(5,HY.^A_R 0F3!DD$XD-U1IE#(


.U@1UP%I-)

34@(WR7/$-

M8PKE

M#1_L=_H5DVJ0$9E\;)
M#&5Y^&UP\F.7D/R+3Q*4HX:#(L8QY7RG


M[5YCCCHQ1?]*/


P5
MSG.%BPQAY*3CG73$29]FG2

MZ2J(_'%G9\FJ=ITCN@NB:!S3579
$ON$Z@]!ASG%Z0TKDJ CL






=AXD?6&@6@H)C:P*3E



+5EL*;5 ?0%2&$H*0O!;0\^!E;:R2&];G=;%

L/?GHZ$8





%\W7^F-:I3NRPT&Z_<_5CVK1PCM/6AN/]6*S_3UX?-\T]3+U
MTKJRG/VS^SM?;?]^I/[WS?@&*C50I0UT:J /#:0YV<D!J:T@4T-;&D#EQJX

M=]$Y8 I)O61
Y4*30

@.$3S+*%\C.1&6-(3B#

!ODF@GN0;
MZ9PC.S
%*BFD1$X!914 ZTF4^'(5&0,_2RI!,H1V)PED$!)-=!J,E]4W;3R
MEJH@ _Q%:847*Q!2970DETB@7K3YBRSHW- Z;!30#0E54WM-=^' GJHJ![2



.F4)A)2.O
M48$^@8J1A-S=9@J&A!:J2ST%PBCHL)(29] O6@#F &ISC!RV
(!F1=!(:

H+HIH/JU8?9F=G%PP%.+PP!1






0[@8BS@XC0R-5K #&!BI3SZ. M I+%DK/\2#=0YK@862R

:*A\3J#)'





Z_:_L[O4

*

W
M'+CAAAM;PV=R!#!' '($1HY.$X]JH0MSY6T-7_@S:Q])R%P$AI.0BL+6S!#
MM+5%9R:6(F@E0A8B0PK2!/C)#%
$H
H)@X\ \C%K(W$K

N\V








0B9''I





M1CZQVS=J-Y2'@=W]#WJEC9+K3)3'GC7_ ;[BYLM5%4*BUY&YYU9YXW&_^^
M#%Z [0(\+DC-@G@P
IE_(9)L5IS= CX4OR?ZC-$2J]KL]:0IA?E/)2_4['53







,P<MFZ.[ Y *0<-.)W23H^63LJ
ME1.EKVKS[;QU?:6(507*@26ESLYD*I2D:2.OT-0=^14CM/U(_H7G;Q
YH0Y
M.=#J3WD6Q=9-7.=
+OA6B1?:?25#0J'K#-E_)W=22;A2(CER6G'][^0W+F@]




M/[$ W_X&^R9/[

NIK0QF/VYOT[IJPJQYSW
GI








M'%LXB9





D

M/)38A].(IIGD[LGM50\GC6-#^4GWV+VW9Y=6J!9M
CKV\?=8-9[6^%;V]T
W






TW1:[AA=5(D8(L(FR#0QL<V* X0 0#1  

MS:1
LQ-#._&



M

MM43H*&LHY@Q%G+$F@K N\$3PB)LP!\&X WL4DX8BTE@#O'Q8\BLO=B27%X8Q


80FP.A)B-

MSBG$
!\&<XXNAP-']E)7L:


7(Q8ML 53PRF@O
MMV&KU+!!2%8M




\.VT#2



74RC
M;-S&+S Q#






M3-



M;VGO


EC#5C]$^$FEB_SH;UN]-K


W0:QTR#6!LF'&+$18])D6M-/
MFC+*@R PPMBZ
(BC=W\0)0XB1('46(039ITM5/D K*MDALHJ1,E=:D!DIJ
MH81)8:/85K=0
B=*YD#)#)3

+V;K[



M P04     *@()
',#MCESYAL#XZSEXDV6 IX9[26F[!4JEDC)(L2&)%/O(%:/SEQ

M937$?!/1&NO-+
RBW3O[3%

39

M:
39D_Z.2WTZ#1
&UL?53;
MCILP$/T5RQ^P)L#2501(FU15*[52M%6[SPX

Y(
M'$49X;07N

@%! PJ
MXQ2H72YP!

M.7V&.9]'C.;DO\(%F(6[2*R/2C+MOZ@:M9%\5K&A


M85PE5M9E7)YC]\!W]H
=H]#U-YDP@]^H:GNAT5D:VS[^D1LI#=@@HP?;V)T=

$%     @ BH3-AQTRS+!0

MMCYM
\!

G<:1=7CJ]ODU4FQ<]OFSG-1;O*Z^5F^1-6N




S*7IV[O#4!

M[%K0@S3I8

MB'[+LF.B/I





M'%!8* 
!/$U04S-:A%[/@20@ IXF&%
S
DR7HI

M
TJ-M-EB/:M5-:$R:(P+260K@6):AG4;=F0)HLG5'
L_ K01C10FP0&\



M&_),T\*(PD LM7,N05- *-MXHB#;2M&6W3!# @F  @;
UI%NR2&FA6
]NQ

W2#ANFC%;=/T &1&LX/8+MP@ ]&J9&
MIAUFSB1'9QAHTG!%

MUW#%M R)$K*'V;&S%@

WR23?0]O VD:YE=






BYX;6R-5VUO



: WFK C &[
MU2 Q!HEE$ W%ZJO_D*M\

M&L^B4^?(8)8#!D\P:(I901@\Q3Q &#+%/+H8R\N3BR#_R40ZV6O&&
P8]_9T
M9)^DW&(Q8%B/J0=




J QFU%4H21KXP7)&K5\X]6-8K]B5








'YA




M=VOZ;;C)GG$/]OR]WN5AY3I_7SWB1FV2V[IZ@*F[+99YW7GJ?5'2UEG6^:KH
MR!3M)TDG6!A\



, D\=LO8.5/8.IQ;EN^+
=MO[JB[^
M+5^ER64ZGTST#P6J#RN6?L.7I5RN^JD1M#RQ7YO3QX8^.)VGYY/+].QR0M^9

[7(&EK/CSW\']K\WAWHZSIS_CL0U9_SK=['OXQ+W.T
MYO'A;/50E.0=0+D^]

MEK 

%Q[0KFGN=A&5+

P<W?9



M]X+1@

C3'DS?TT/5NLUG3!0TS@A<57):[FB./2]W!T!D/_.AL676@= 96
ME7S?OPN'!7H2_E7@W/2[\R%281_HBJ^O:^KW=W]RW?O5[7&^R+LJT[W/N7+


M'D].DJ&NN*N3Y.=LSNWY9C]!%)(0BD-[$305(]1&N&OIN/O!7M/TV^/W%%



C6RS

MY;9/%0S_+VAY09O)#;0$W44?7S2G/T*788I^R&7&_E34=\7:_[FI5EF8D%'_

VNP;_?PMCODSMJ





MMT&CL: I6
-C+@NV($(2)A?I;#'SJ(3=%OKP;] :77I!_13#Y&B6SJ=3?'J4


_'%1ZOL



\UC



WJ9$I2;?2/@9SF]#4X6JTGI-%R\
Y;&H=@V

M=KN%D]# E8_FK!C)^)5,^^K)KD#1$W!(X!^P5=1*5JG6_9ST/O[% ;#/*X
MR1-67AI:'S0+:$+!#



/&FN*AVF





(K3



M3:-1XTW6;
D_




M03WE=F^E47FN0:/2W:[15B8;/Z@T&+IXRQ*1=0.^*D5#6 TTIY?AKK2.SF4


N?[Q(

M=#PWAD;^A=TE]QBBR5$DD:HS#!S!B?#!_+#/W3+;@.F)3Y-I3'X;SI#S6J'M
M'&%GZD:
:G+:

M7KH?=L6:W

MP1L?;DKR
FY)B2M\(Z)^!)TYM0:31/5PG_AE


M(D4_W%#X13%H+H(LIS[VMS%HNF9W@Z= OD1.DTA

/7R5Q



D.I([[CGI$&SPA0^-

0

M!#4XX@22D_$'T9=!C=Y2C.X6%+6MV.MHFL%&Y/S66S5
^OI0D+S#0#A\^'-.
H;V<UA[C)5RY6:M_]Z<=X
_]PHV@<(%Z8O$Z^4RF#&67VZ-HB<(/8_PK7H3V(
8;]

M=[N
\*6\OCUMR &T2!^+2^\*S7B^ZJJ-Y5$#W8;G.,CO3^S'F]0!'-Q8H.

?!%UM/!=HQ@LW\)T9+T7'KX1


M77('CM=OZ-)4NC3=UZ51\G/%;ANG3;=:#5MH



:Q)9)NOHX7+HK

;78





!U_
KZ'%F[<6%%D)8F[VE&)J2$3;__7[N*XPH%.U@9KY8[#L6P



18A.&'.H00)(5MK ;%GVQYW688
M
K)Y(M:)N



IZ
MM_ $

M$!B(\IB2-:%36?BX7
MQ!I3)]T
6 &*R)Q6MZ9SQ.H6


MQ%S]SF/

]Z7VS-#?T0_/25B_9)]R7LTS:Q
0GS4BTY'5P/KPW)
M3M;PQ0IR/.6(0+XH2U]B#4*IZK+]';AJ+@!?:0#N31\55K%HLTS_#.M_#






M&.A:U-\Z.4\C]\\GR2=&/B





 T?$B<)N/A-SP!4H=A
M$U,(PV^*4G(*A<DBXWF+4EUMCD^BZ/$6HR'M0==[C5GR1MLWYF:*RETH)U;4
MZ2AI)+,^W*3CPU49&#S2)L'O&N535L.USABZ8_3TGG24
;2+T9=$7L-JK%L

#KEC'KTEO@ZK!@3EU_7/:67IL

ME*BT4GJQSN1RVA--SLI1)G([I3'&0!D1PRB_$$)A*'

MI56H9GW'0QF;4][ T:D6').=J-CY)2?;';:B$.^ZS;1V&A25=:[-FF=GY8


(
M O-5

9_=6









M^






=6:1
MR3'QTCQ%[\N7J(3H1*+&_;VC=00JB
N((HA:30!*W-9OVL
M]/G$V*B_E/
MY$UUS]%\'\??0733\OX40=]H5K.8D+[&##Q%8]). GQ00[!$&?)OVCG#/VTL
MFHY5@;!Y'B1-/;]-F1!/?GP(RHBI+32W
?6
*R%$2)B1UK' I)15)8%:RWC'




2;$








(



MI3 ?S-+S2\+%N3!$\1K;LEM-

M*7S^?
(=_'PS%Q3Z8\L&EZ=D$[PMFZV2O+H'9\ELXG/(23Y!@:''/Z]8DS


M9P:-[M8]-VX@^*K*EME5VOT VW^\1@F544][- +-(AA%]R?)USQ:%DD;R2
3S<9&1+NU=7'-_\;M@D<JS ;Y\E[J?WS2J#_,($_8%8M
ME6?JJ:P9\X:U'T%DX4C\HEU6

8

LXJP'2LCZRJ4-L.#8X
MUR.P4W__K3E?DUW_3'M@2*=HJFQ1


MW+^Z








6C/^7+3..U[
MUS;Y[6L;[H^X.CI[#%...SC0=

(QJSS I*ZN


J&)XD*/




U=X111/1
M?YO(9.Q*PV
=F/#\ZX[$!.L30Q24X2B'?O2UBTUQ'6C_-SQR(DP_4=$7T)UP




MK\:.Y5'RDZR.E@).:DYW0-WB:#:?H-U_-!FG\_F$X$&TFA$0S9SBC(BSLFC
MMGRPOGH;/(-KNED

S\-(*S%
//]
MW


M7U

70]Z*XT4(7%]H6)K\%NO]W44\P)S=&?3O
W9:T-(D[:D_

4G.:.L\X<4A4)O(M[


M[NL\.7/020\'E
2

M

MH6QMW?XN#=-6L1MN80$-%]
^R!_J


M@?['GN/JXI.TAYV9NA:4 D9NJ%[0&:K_O !^+3/UH6[TJ)RB[*2*9H JYC3
MH%:.D^FET3%G;$3@#]-D=LDH/K+J^/XZ/U]$H-DPMHYEU0HB)MT@8B=B?'G2
MB3WVO8FP\'GW OQ*D:MP[(TG9;5:








M]


M&.%Z/
23%6CFE$T )3



M5;[I)3

M*OHLFVCIQ##6HIBV)F3/C&;B'A

MV[ PR=T1'1AWO64K!(^7^$
TQ5E*35!3C;2L=Y/I7R'RI4L;&H+D8_YERW;
MTRS#;GD'JEM= (*DZ[\SM*K $8=X[@4(O!
W$6J_Q5#EO/K7=6M/).)U,)D/:J,BUUHR3
M5,&X+^]'N[]8RI3Y4R 9\^ZOK]1J#E_I+:?U2^]Q%TGW[E(BKXV?/!SKV6*R
M9W?T75MDOL:7BKW+<J%@?1N^'6L)OT4I&'& AD+=?1@U:
XLD.TSWYEO=;7

5BHUPGJ+?/V==85KYYZH[O]J&*(W8(!)4K(EQC@I/=+&J.]G$%[
M&98



.J'K


M7R5+K08G^(,M B#?K+[%_A%TJ0\'\0K6\]8)0S8AE] K/.*VD]V+-1EF0'
M/(]3027%!J)1=-GCZ7:1K&5KDY

M1&M2*9S8GGH3_6QU;4_=QIOV0;
U4-^(U.&XH&)0K36E4F)(3@49*6A1]=-X
M;]4YRF3)6((+?H.W/*ER1;TZ98TIZ-2W!2B%B








A]-

GLP7\)O+\3G2*,L7Z2+\ZF+*Y[[)HX2*:PK-$/*%:(F)/.U7.H3'!O%



Q\.3Y:(X!*EQ%-EN

]2#-'=JMY
AAP?]OYU?__6=7RKB



I/=D;_36I*6?6[H?^2=
M1




[O(#5Z!ZYS&

M!HTLK(2) _%N$#PP-[IY;XC]3


MK430R::BB3.L4OP+?U/]2Z8.Z2\SIH6V:(FBBJO8'5^QB[.?+

M$Z6W0M*



2


%!(J
(30(\XB







M+DXN9S/:RX3D1C\;?3448XM6N2CCJY-3GKN:5-?NI=$)$&-9L]^=SB)8 '
M
E W'+ETP
X'+:$#[3


N#^:_OMOP


S!P;


M;U*^AYN0





*

]R; 7[%E)S6OU2#;SGTPBX'YB2OD$S\9E(!RQ:3I6N!1^R


G%C8M(D0HZ=#

MC\2G3:&D*26_*

MT


4.?8Z])ZK& ID5]5TYPQ58+B%'+V]G5\L+1-


MW6O*M0-U$F3M(IEY'1*3XYRJ?D=&^5.][H@UNRNI7.&#US!;V]V024TP
I%&

3'S7K#%FHG70H8=
M\L;+'I5];/QG$05*NIMU7P

M_(

M]QZ2_U+&.=GFLSG\XQR-R[



C*_JW$ ^69HM
MUFZZ=!8G23/$J@T.PZ0,+T:[SW7<\2'

'1FJ4A2RJ*



&B



M(DO/E'!PL4T78P':^\,K@S%@K227FNENU+_Q9':U(FCM/?T2BM/+

M%QR[=SQ7PV[

W1(@Y1%DIH3F.[;T)K;^FUO?^
M%7K.)_4
*Y=?YYM3K&3GZ[&9W[J)5-0E^LN?LN?3Z231WQW9WSJI&DB SP_+







M!UH^8JAF+RCLQ)N\S&\+3T4=+7?
MQ4UK8Q#K4H_D@B-#1/?A:B B KC[Z#$

SAV ;V!*35;U/4]12-[
M?Y[*O
8
+[D&*
XCOJ2PKQ

M*
MOQ2*/?8%8$N(X$%%V7M^17/03HZP72)CY8)PH?BNPN
Q]-#8%H2]):5K1E*;





DY^IV]2?08
MND/_ OIJLQ*9Y2S[E&5/D;







FY^L)+KUU7CM)( E/W.7579UMX.XD&A*
M%,1#9 TLC%3\;CP$'&I!CMT]F]1+URC_$7/?30AC4Z$HXE(O6W*%;Z0AB^8
NX(!





&?


M+=?[K6D(&J6G\?W78&#_5#\]_C56_SE$OJD=S7N25175@$SU68:P&NRJI%4
MPVE1MQTQ ?@!V,=A^I%CYV@Z'VMKMLL2F!.W#?Y5XQD4R]3,


\??SIE:(?T%;574\!V)2FROG.HX\X
MW

ZC^4]:$CC:EWZKQX

5M!L_L/]

93!




U#:X T7<!(=HG\O




B_=@[Y!70&ARB]6:Q=*&

23:V6



MZ*P(@K)C6+*+(1_9[@'IXGGX* 97Z:7U' ?B\8^T DULJR:E$A7%Y
]QV'




:6<@X'J_]?6GYA2$1G.\N#Z*8??C
MEP*K+B9-$


MB5VL0+ Z5F&%++S89QADAM3@-A



0#(#Q).!V



6
MK1K7]
(24VSBTQ6PM;WD30LW._2J8) &P3%];Y%9: F[T?']@&A?. 


)BL
M9
9D.2XX X_^)RLV)






8E

R'G*

M4


\^4MU4-Z4C2[T 8@#H:H0-!+H\927Q_VLGOL

[C.)D(72C


MFJM[


9!'*C\%E''];BAT4G-QE]GB/B*WQA!



_6I$3
\UUQ0Y
13]9).HR/2]] 2;366FY G


MZRHK[;
B$E)*$/4_NL!0);_!=X+@[FQ9)-/@2TFQO?C=D GN]XH!M[2F(]3D

^9J8J'E%XR[0YO%P



M

MZE%8#@CPI4IJ=/&0LY9;YK(\TLB(@/I;WQ;C M89YAO1[U+[Q6:'H%*=D)Z(

M!PDUC=D\%J\8CP[9_AUCFY
3+^ /]'\D![T/'
GR1[7TBN[XO-1FN-W^M?

M2(8?E1R,H0V=IWK,5K9 E OF-X_MFCM.VINIARJ]EY_=G0O87T1/9&!PBX


M'IO%JQ7W^





2:-!]0%\03
_K7
;$?$



MV9O60J69C





?I?J




O3.1!

MV/
O12-HK6XC7C_CFE-:H(*JG/UX=?510PF8@ILHPMA3&JYSN=NBD(3!XO1]



<[#Q/[PY1[Z'\Q'6LJF^ *U]MV^?_O[TK_6WC
M6/*?W_P5 SSE/0H@&<Z0PR,! LBRG.? L@3)=K (]@,E43'Q:%(A11] _OCM
M.OJ:/J:'4A:[V/V04:GCZGNKJJNXU?:7PY:
2)JVUN2(3YY?-@GUCE!$ =5




.;CY4P]N




MLW[8WP@!EY])V!X4?ESH%O1BO5*,/QGK_FLI
Z[_6MV)CYV5=PA(O]P!B

M&I$@[P ;$9P.X\F

M-0V].R8BNB^Y8S0/ ^%!\M.,#)FU-) =F6A(5;%O4^8M
P8[

M2Z!S ;DILN91B





8&7C*?XT)OBM(!L
S#+L


AHBIN+_^J$^S-DB .3SD?
M0#1^ 9G!;S$!.(7
6<R-4[G6#43<F!!81..3B)VOD'?V0.-VS2C*-U (
M$[.-Y9.P@U&Z






9CCKOKE8IPOE!
M $F+'N\B+05'



Z &+$D5XR2EZ0JU:'6].O
MR

QB%(S!:&CS P.


&J&FVIS^8X;O*G:1'
M-$*?\C\P(3C_#U$*;^6-9E/1)^KO)1G&W\\-^?7^ ZHHLAF_(<(A9IX#[




M-MO[Q9++Q!#R@GBFE':-47]6-LU@K.V^XOGQ5$QCB@9(LDW*^8SE+
M^.3 F
MU!/\7
^B

:=4DI)^0C42DY: F@


(06


MT-.%C&7571
/ 



4ZG@)EZI]-#G:M15=-Q!O!N [S(#*%CP:5F5=6LM!5=L*J4HS%V@)KF
M!/X6Q!P*#AC;BA8;-Q C+F5-*Q/0ILT&M6%L:M/62.*/B/UB)+
OY#:E.$V2
KM!S2V&ZDH$)*%$(A@<0[UU$NUKY4EH8!TI

MNN[R8C3E'Z67?R.!+8T*.^.JXJ?(DNM'^8SP=!H'&-F'SPPBAW])'@!U,/L
M;@B2FUVR\2LK0 6N;\4-14XGZE$)6.S7


\Z=3H[208V#?;!&1FAVS#@B6!$T'
M%]&=N\M^NH#XR%*(S[_]#?POSNQ-)'<,DI^OZS+[IVN=)\!)#O4GC*0W\YQ

M%^JA_

MJ:39E99FH7F6E:]G[L$0AYQQ%YJVFLJ[+YL#*5:
?3

ME*'Z3WL5\:N
80F.-F@W6NQ-$H;[0-5\S(WAK+QW1J5W%3S=F7.4WMC@RWLW



=\$
(
M:$?V5V<*\3R8QO8T*LI&TU0P0LEN@0)S;Z$(#/1V2QM=
-+K%IRIRN-A/N5
ML?D:0&QWN_ HX;J%O5KN#/SBN2KU!^UTU2L^D2WF!J3DJ[*X_!ET(Z9R@O
)K%U\I/+?%X18ZK@P&1:?KC=/O+_,U@JT U%%=
M*GG&31^[93'5RBR+I?$Y(.(2X99LI60HXC4Z*Y. &N&5XN,Q.'BA-A)H[S
M,BKO(W6[1700/M^^*_M-<)RD%0PDW:0L82 Y)G :W,/O)+NT.=<-AHB/:A*


WX1OR0V






8;D8R










S]_V#-8AM3PJ_3[+'\O9;

_:8(V^%$LZ!!ER(UBRUAJ74ZJWTZ]1+

+





LS$Y
6(1DACRALL_IOI9_/G6JX:9RF






H$'/?=P#

MC;5)


V!OCSCYY[)\W
R[Q -W$LNFLK@5_U;3+1
MCH?VDT%IW2=^/9ZR]J\)P%_+BFBUP]SYCH?1A-'+S%QSAC9QA&[WAR?:N+[
MU@]]YC\5^8QK[^63_&[^+6+_S5PD3+PFWK!AQ OQZ7%U+5IJRB,E[' &0.#
MSNW58U]'E+@PH6RL-W?R'B);8'K1N?XV]+B@QJX+A'L6HR3L/=';*YJ6.3X

M%ZP^^QW$@]XL5ILOKI%V=.SO5:VI%?=4U_CRN19A5&U9%CM6-Q %SR94XB78

-ZSJ@D7L

_)SRMMZGA?X:*.


N&:)$:OVR0T45&:L
M

M9*_2QB4F_ZD*TZ9F68RM2)6C_'OF;/XP6\O'WIR2




9



M*[^-@


_+
M]9J 5+SX&Y+6OG(&*0-P-=EH[V8EE]9+XG^=UMVDO%^[N?@7-'6+)=&B]28+


MH2&D)CA4*NCL&570=*HYD:757Z



M+FX?(VU?0?!I.

M_LI?__A[
1[\6/M_5?P8'A9*KD2(M'(&#K5M0R6W92J9SH ;1E*4;\M!L.W;

TJR(?-R
2T\R:RT5CMVE@4





4L=Q




%ZH#<5/&<8*5(SR(H294OD'SRNB##-4

O2*7&


B5KS\[



MHHNLA(RQ;

Z9/Y
MT7U/MK2K!+@Y9DM\ Q%8^I5UV:W:[Y%[JLY[;[LY!=D).U4)]*O1QNQ^;D







H@/-!?E&%

M?L?FY\K

M_=5.

MOH9HH--M

=@-@:
H.*$8B)UQ-QY!L1

M*&B1 \DE898+C F3B&(BRR3
S$W74DQDGI39/! SI8E.BLR3LIMG)PF XEBPH45
M]D3G(V9G*%%





O=V]R:V)O;VLN

Z0HZ2(L^HFV[07$&SZ![$E0621Y/95
MO:D*)/JZ
IS.7#WO-M7PO//5ZF<S
M'%+95.[][-ZZX34?4RK97=_\W;A@_



M   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:RT[C




1J+-@W)GR]<3S/]]T\4@AM33^*YM;KMJ+:50]]OJ6,/IM8T.4^JZ
C0U4

MRI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(*E%D52BR*A19%8JLD56A2*K0I%5

BJT&1
MU:#(:E!D-2BR&A19#8JL!D56@R*K09%UB2+K$D76Y1%EG8YE;]OA?TG^.;=]

M    @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     )@(),9O,+8((   Q

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0


O


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ B8"3EK!AEQ P  <0X  !@
M             ( !(1





RYX;6Q0

  !D


4     )@()

IIZ;K0!  #2



M.[RU 0  T@


M970R

M% 
4     *@()







4     *@()
M




M  @ BH3*!O]LNX 0  T@

M:&5E='






X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (J @DPJ0R@3]P$  /8$


M4$L! A0#%     @ BH3##/6F7H 0  ^@0  !D              ( !*V@


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     *@()
PJ)1

M=#0Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (J @DP
ETM E@(  (L)   9


4     *@()
U'I\&=L!  !D!   &0






4
M *@()

4     *@()



O

M2P$% ,4     *@(),)G4]&1P'  T*P  &0              @ %%H@

MM@@  -








M%     @ BH3%QA&!2. @  A @  !D              ( !M;L  'AL+W=O


4     *@()
 4]TD3P#   !





&UL4$L! A0#%     @ BH"3/R:IX]6 @  /2L  !H
M     ( !*7@! 'AL+U]R96QS+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM;YR96QS4$L! A0#%

              ( !MWH! %M#;VYT96YT

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-18-004464-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( (J @DRC!;L;


K6U)^;YENO\
M^JYUVGRG

-C]J
M7USCY-H9NY^T[_J4?=1^9P[S]

/B!S_11







OQ=!\RYQ.SS0#UKKD(!9PA+T!^\UN\

M0ORR523UJHZDWBZ1)$YL/W%BQ:;\4W#0?_Y=]SR8\!N;CIAW
#3&1Y
]3EEB
M_=%/)@#S
K
MPQ*P:J8%3W)U2BSFXSF

O7PP[-)F)


M
0!JCVCNSO)_?'[]S!QC


O'9 EWNT

Q;72_X?

M'_GT[=00ZKQNWS/OR3*8_[OGAK.OME$/0EIJSN1#U'8YX1VS@0N8M\!!7A]@

7S_\E\AP(W7UJZ#]/VF
MN^BMG

MW\]-TT*BU^U;W0)U_4*?68%N'Q4-K



+C*6:]-PZZ^JA
MSB$#/^M^HO1
\F+_O!XTL+SL3GKIVY5Y*T
)SDO D4HK]U8E9CJ&QV#3KAVJ
MF'1$)

M@Q/.GMG(1N7450N
<=$U5X^N


<(K'\?++H&GTJ)K
-?N6DGL&?BI&\$6 4;4#=W&\^U[GD#




OSB_




MPR&.^6P4PE.9@S921VIWOIP='BG]11TI=:0^INA '2FEJQW5X:DF.:^_/5TO

M?=WPS34!Z4940:

M


MJ%-$D3H=)8\6VM_IJ*F64V;EHG0J\%=+'U'ULMKX4?-$IRQ=O%(VM]8=0)86
MOF
&LYZ.H*=T:1H$+
.\(NXM]@A8AN1ZVE15:!.P.=E7V;*J[B&KY4%1Y%&(
M/+(C5U2

MW;=E2JJ3R5D[NJW3=7#)Z/:0M[ EI]LEE[?W


M5WU#T17M;0&2JV25Y,\ZJ1TEUKS+2UYK-!V*&UB6!+D ?O)II:G5)9\K2B

MJU8

M?VZ:%L;NZO:M;IG7SH4^LP+=/BHR6(F#(Z.'.Q;HEL/



EYO!G9UB
E2-:#CG)R

MAKEFQ87*TXQ[52NQ#
P?U+5ZT&:[BEX5O19DQ67N#]P]:0UC


_.]//5\E[8D.2K3





MU^DJM3J$79J2WI4D[#_9Q#+LNF1I%*+:]-(5Z10EG9OQV#*8$O/S=)6)%R7@
M*TW
1RO:#T3






M#Q/+X[WBZ['O=\P&ILA7E$CU\C^_)G])T




MUI%49]A1)*7
HR(DI4PE129S+D%%&G5V_J$FU8U90;

MO;Y5HCCWTM+P\A9#KNZ9-^





K9LQ]K
M=2$6/[0#RWF\9]X32.IC=6@M0X02305%4XY

+-D/
M)5=SR%5%]HKL*Z44]!(LO
?GJW+J7V\3/M';/Y](G(-[_8DY6%^3\@QN9M2T

]
'MQ*^
MLH



O-1#$\U@$T?5


-6*
M82@*4.PB/[NPGHY0N,2K5NQ48!B%[G9Q;WU<GRT$BU:
0NU_XI5%-8LZID0



MGJO#EJ5?%3I@GUW=



M[VY0$X5M*66D5GEH
1=?Y^Y.
VOV(TU+-W[ AUETFY\5#B&^JV41FE41#TN0
MLY](AYW(S9(7N]GQ13#GNNTL(?CEV]PFUYFN%Q9; EE8.(AE[[4(%8G4T?I;


R7.
M6\WFL#\\ZW7:53\6YSN:=ETFWS/C-S HOYER^&'9K
1




M@+\) Q0W)I+/6_;[K-MJK88K
=
6 



MN__]&'S'S_,Z--_M#KB7_!=@#7_-(/9MC_3#3BO[YKOJ._9[IIRK_%H
^6
M&4P^:JUF\Z=/VLCU3.:=&*YMZS.??=3DIW?Q+#B!)]]^8B#B#=T^T6WK$4 +


QY1B7
2]@VF*]]9\_:G3O5G0;_ H;%
M$:.71_CAY\XOA


M#T[
:K@^:1')9BY:?&DYZ(& ATY[EL/7HD]GG_ZCU6\NI?%=@?0NA4'-\K4G
M/.2FI@=:

I\U[;,
M])ZA3<R\3]H2&-[
KXP@_NL.JV&AF*G(-]3B

!9H8<<U;@%('/O98
W3-M*'Z89@R)5V.4!<S]TW&N<

MYNG/!
HT-O

M&TUC15X[&'3!M4$&)9KB#8(@P%=A\/==LFWHU_?M
U*+&YK'_!DS
!K'?H5I
MYM;E
0




00WVFLNIU8O(EQ9R!T7V]MW0G.
M'1



%7%GRZ_6'1T%\

M4/

M[X5+-1:IA[9V[6BWGOOH
;]HC
UV?$GK/#_[-;(C;F3@Z#H!'=;?1;FP0^
M'LA5]W9'@NO^X-D.E9469Z!9MH]7K3:C=[PK(B(^^BS@TCG(8VIM9I)IMY


J2L=GAG_)273?9X$O__KJ^MJY\\AL
M0.4



-3PW:58W4C'()'K
M




MQ;
53+)/NSR30/![V)3#LGP1:QB[3C3V
F..SR+^B9D3/J9; 

M.B1_YD-L&XG4CW1RRL_WC)%69)']X

MR9Y=IO:%S@%);
-U?




QC)S/]

M.S
%01!D5B\I4I%DOIH)


MV?=**L V^AK()D$T+9

HQ\RN1&*U;6V\_*5K'3VJ[L3^:8[HIUB?OM HMJ[8D0-]JN-YRO=FF6

M/+FV/ N+?OUF.=8TG!99[N%WD9;+Z3




K\
MN'+/#*.3RL


MLHN2Z+!&W+



9PX2!;5[ZO]

OP2LV=@1P%E
MM'V!Y82R!*'E/+GV$U]F


MW%I.?AH_N-;4XIAH)6IVCEYQU[#ZY\7$8F/M\H49(=9MTWA[)EY5)I0_)EK
MQW&?^+3BH0:OI!JX,R36OYU22=4BM=OV&32QT^F7\+9,99)X!& 72\0OR+N
M\1F$CVF#[GE^R&O-ZH_ DT^J(0_1+E2:9*H!&#1/YN4.H:+-@U?G#JF7^%


F(W&:K7BHJ%



0


2E6O2
MA5
S*BP0?=$?-5[N^OU


5IEJGVA5.UL56R& 


MRE1=Y2A+:ZL*$CF*JVBJ-


W[]D/:;PEI
*GO=C
MVI]NH]]2AO1R=[3K_N#AFA6DX_U0T!G8=36KSEHZ'+?:C=ZP(JE3AQ'NYX81











YZ9I(7?6[5O=

M!\8[%NC 9

2
ML



.8)OF

M5]O(HWT.S@Z\ZLR-DZL32W

<Y69X$N2[-5XK6OECZR;#!:;YP\QN])YA#OUT^*]Q]1Q

M
4OM7TE
MY[[9/GY=
:3;FMXUCPK 8_*S8-)-!6BO=+SKBWN9PELTCVN]O V


[-C%.G
MA78Y!&6RU[L#]\@*D K\/WHYQOO#J-[+E^89U@^0T@2SA+QJ]_*?2E]Y2:
M[6KKGB9!W@B*72]EG?\DZS368_F[
-
B;(I@K6+XZAPQOO27XOCJGK9[QX6O






MBL$^-RJ'@V
9U'
%4 X(=9;+8MG1+@^NLYT0R^ N#;(SO0K+W%_E@3K2;O*4
SVNGMG][O(.5O&<(;-5G=P4-E0$399P+-;(C99R%=;
M'C99Q/E:'C:YUF&W'NKY5-<#@KV*36[D'=H0C$R?WP$ R?9('003*?1+N%8





M45B.UWP%]RM&-%NOF&\! %B_S0G.#9(0@*I;U[8
B_D/3+20RLNW?\O9WBK=



M\Q-@1310_;

SW2/QC.@=

L]6



M H %.PXGHC;F/H(
[?HASPY,HLP$TG'[92S259@)
M^ )^7HH1?!<?R(+)0^]Z**!@+Z@!P1]FZ%FXI<(3Z3XG *C#T*8!$ -;:HQ
M&-JX %B_IXU!P8#77#^!KU

#!IIY+JP%B(/6

MN@VYBG:O[KQJ#+D*
5YD^X+5B@18R3DMV(# 0RXDV2]R1K$?V@C-: W8GJXY
M(5JT)*=U S/ 3[5KD
N69X13O!8#OJ0]3YC':#()P@BX+Y)?P:CG2FYL^



MXCT6B[IH.Q-0)K&O32R
 4




_^
M+^BV

%PQ8[J.YP5Q'8UPQ?04

M(HOK69YPZ'B
/T:@S&S=0(7L-=+R4 1'%UHV:+*XZMAIE5+38H\*JN

M%B/D(Z09D
PA@B7Q)',%R6]:Z#@A0[QH\38N



:1.8UDF!8/#Z
[R
A023B\#-V?:&


MHLM47'=\E\ROEUWMV;-@5:;[[


N


1&#HZ[D@_9$PL0![J7A%..O6

*B#)*B3/Y'?*.U+



QG*0;P; CN0

5DC
'H 4:2 .QY8GHE XH!@&
M _)6Q^@^&6R1#8=%6BL%_?D!X8+DN6%6$B#N 1I9&821!1CRX.QJ''%XFF

9A&



M&-RZ$)C/'1-)YX.(]V
O

M6A%XMC6U NZ


=EB8Q7&)L%+\?M
YH63\#N+](
MBET*9TRW6EZ:366H)2 \

MMX

M31+.9+7D+&M
BT\KQ5YU/;$3*X5JDPO5=O^G-*=

RQYI4@9JIGB?;


FI1!(UTWT*_<K2YXK$XSB!(3L5U 7[E(UB=/V'1/1%(FD?7



M5QH$R6-HF00*94Z:??/^?UGC=S[(E/I]7@N@DN7\344!HQSR\3MT?Q'8$?

M$G/EFU=H

UV IO71)X-83](1QU!\Z]L1(MT;;\AJO*A


AYQ&0

M9HE663+!5JI+@BG*DXCYOC*ZG5241)SFBON)A!NSTX^\F'AU/ACT]EM(29ER

M#MK8(\)*Q(?[#1YMAU'\?I1T0BS7P8 CX*D^QH 3Q/


MAQ!=RAK9&%LH#&]I/\_=-(CHO^CJA+P





M'.J
L




MAO)*9(1&)!AE

MA)2XPQS-34(P^7ZRCQB_


M(0\%C1_6HRO.N??(YN1U]N(R)O
X 9
8:ZV9B D
GHN[Q*4'HXPX'(#W%VWP


YH[)F2%-PFG



*/:9=:C69WN.-]JK1@?\#
RG(PBO9I&^G#=
.1S79&
MA'.S[(D
FXU.



Y'1#KQ%5(SA%6F,]M]92)WQG&=D_@;RZ$O1D=
MS=

\W0D?Z7 #((B


M@6-P$KV7;O_WC$]A%A!/X(H 

M2 ;Q1!VTX!N1].B);2/)H DD7 <.=3(+*X-(A

MMO3D67SP?TX3HB&:I)_T 1/@4)

H

$




$'V)$EQC@MS](+3<WAHE#;

M


MIX!#KJU)/

MQVY%K6YCJ;N*0%GBLA)NG4S?UA\SLIY_/K__XQ?MNWM*TYPTSQJ:+-- OZ%
MBZU=L9H/R8 +F7)^JL&+\AWIM=%YY3@&1KN//-\3(R4K'?D I%2B'5Q_!#8






ME@'3 
T.R^IHV;6

M&74'*F9CMFP[IF

GD?L-3[9+K




=%[_DQP/!KSC9HCT



?!63\@MY)B_\'MY;C 15S792]RW@9M+*7\D@!5?']*5


M/.KZ[.


M4PSR3U%;Y!MQ_W]RW^T_KV2L\$W4&)



M[I7MC*Z$%TR^LT







B]T

MNWHXV

M(W/A#\_N$1!_ZZS&RRMR[2F%QMPE^GJB/VOVS]J]ZF$G%;^Q
^RTVNW.H%]5
M[&RZ[
&PV^M65:
^%D:_@;3OGG3KQ@ B$K^]R4O=W3[]4[45SP7;[4X7[G3[


(\!ZKZ%54N
OS1DZGJ9$]4]F052.^\WUV0]7=%W4?VFO*SV^HMA
1C'S$]_Z






M

D1%1=8


M 5-RZHVL_G.5Y=0%%DA

AR(2:
MSK!_IB\ZV@+HO/66;
.FQ]VY

RJH]T8@8O[S.O_\H8Z
MSRQJ6$*



L9=^@U@R2AX+P








MDIH&6@IPT$] EA%SDYV-T7'CG'!=/FX5+
9O\+X*W


XDZ6
GEQAI4U#B/MZ3$1@;

M@GU





M%B9W/
CL^;!XL[W84P$

M#X-7;YJCP_0?2]JBJ!#/B.E]+:EOE[V
W!PIZLX#-KL)Q.&L88XZ^GK/6O
M/

F#:AUJERJMPNP




 ]B['& 5;T?BE- \2PDMKD!%5@X<#&-;GCJ
M;
:\


.+ 175D2 <F]V'^'Q*4
M_1H)=MJE(I$WM6%)_&AR+

M&^M454-PFECD6%L_;7SGTIC^.ZV1F2=SR)X=#J1SD9\LZYIHMRAT
N%3E' 4
ME'!'L8-HV%^(B-T0Y\'0]A1@/_\#=&A_WA:K*:GLGRN?/SYZ[!'#MJ]A%RS0
 (OS%R:KB;Z).;1.)Q(MM8^HI[


ME'2G*JZ^#$
_#[O;V![R_JU:)GA/.[M

MBAK=GM3=1K

FV!5S6=NL9+-F



M;W X0U^2PV?4Q$[NC0DVXCSY!IHSMJWG(R*5XG-3UV1VXAW=]\.I6)+C)MKZ
M1L41-6)+5.^:@( #-'-]7H;39+R1K!PM:CUO6^




!(H<T9IFM[[(UA%I+.G<
MKO

M4OW40HL6](7VN

K6[[#YKEU-0*IG[-2!SNFSH:&0N*]19&3)\


MLAP6V?BMO!A693G/;)E(5=N/)RXO3$

MPR:@5_:D4(NF9B+KA78QT5JF)G:J%@A6B2:7.M.$QEVS-UAL^!8K*__$LJ12


XW?6]





M2ZW

?@T\@,!B+K5 =@^!W] M8==@RS





MUK3


/4#A8-?4].ICL%*M
JN#IE57S-S+&[?([


QORH\5!C/4NVGAVC.P;KV:MCGLG9J ]S]Q$*

\QGF?6*/4K]1(-+1?6F5LV7VJJB1U

M

K:/(QT$7 C]&

:$;H((/D'ZV\YLQ@..'##AT0-R

P/$O^Q'


T\=_V(O
M K;LC-K






#M2VG()&C$-65(1




(=2$GAD:R<?X6J4)?BQ2BK9P573SC(

I<).&9.^_V.:?0'[0T*4AR6E2D8J\,M .6@E[UY?8(!
M_,)A[VD=+*#.75%,2M*'N[YPG@T@V&/JR$P1ECF@FJQ%Z/P Z?*B.R'D0I'J
MN P=5-;/7S);2FC7;U.Z^,EIW8%WVPXX((H&#64?MM
'GM7MO 4'!CXV^ &
MKA[RU[J M(H 0ONL3[AID0_:!U%Y


AA&;T2*GQQ:A().$N(PF ZZ


M7A=R1)T80PBGPHYIJ]-I*!O9([$VHJ M)%SP%\Y/U@,])PSCTEC#X4KEV*A
M;6Y=GF MMH:M)0G6OKE9XK9XEQE+\F6YC]G[[TRPR![ \-LKU
*:ZY@
ML[_Q);




M6NL&G27SOHD#Y3ZM\0X$4Q



MCE=.!M[PZ:599/RDO.-]99KEU%%G-]:LP6WYF'E:9



G

M(U:(0_LG9O.I
].!2X2I%GP.UN.)'_48\BWP!BBZ^ ;D+__]WO@:6 B







MNQSD(G:P;'U/'K&;#-4'
:%W/4)7


$$=VP!^!:A1C=W9.M3.RIJ
M*NX!WHNCLRTOMH)'6)&&9(X
G/^


@'X*6?@'K#CN&V1GAH-X(SJ'X

MLM._Y6/)N&1Z2DSR#D7

^YG8&?L/'.0^6)^TUK


N^QA.:=1YC(CF


Y5C(BD5;5$D$BMT)
T73-]'8A/
MDLP6(
;T&V 8T& XA/QB






@6O
M4;VT6

M  8TN

?M.MFF'':/3[6FSNV:?




5A''A9?WEN<U%( @S$<0UUJV
M$T[QVJ-T;CRG\K.F&4UZ?-R.#J<MG@.(*_6@E!CI^ C+U^[U


P6JI



XRKEKK
MX)(OJ)C%^CMO&G#

M6OGXO@(SB8H?

O20ES#Z[











M64/DU 6]_8.56S7H;=!;-GH3B.#0-&21SWJMT9@U&\
X]UBU?%I1#ELY]ZQ

R.D=MH]
;-A@ND(O'[8$Q/E2W
MG0;'N=V




1^T]0A35QVU
MNLR41\]N:[QK5*=B5FX;!T;VNHN5C4\'LC:'2



M?T8GQ+W/P40U







MS.WM:!32$VGHWWU\^]

#FCBN=3!GZW@4_ U0@)0
M7RG00O3DUJP

JD!VT^

MMP/E\[H0RP\=S^:X8+O5=[R\(\MVC9$/T!'Y31R@P$=WG(:+&^SWV'YD7SBW


33G=4;
[5Z]\X6O?FS\QQL''*'(#\(6^R=\'8 S9$TY^5V1

A'_UXL:(Y%\(^!4F$A_/X.?FG=!@ EKA#0


M3$=@3*V%$UDNBT

YR8$6SUU8KIL$FOHHG(?\[EER)TL*X!V #


MNL'LO1I1=$$C)8AK4*


1@





%1()









X9-W&.
@#[TODT0N^53;5;/_Z%BR\A?O#N1XIJ=4_Z?PJ
M;.$7
)T @1!I4D8:

_1 ?7G\)/0K$W
MH]


M@T*:3:MRH;

-366L.

K=J-/K&E (!A21_M/VC5A'63AKL?!!)\!;T8^_
M]R-$CS^AP!Z).-)CHN)TMHK3B;.RSRC!R^0'(M0J/?#_# ;LUFCHN;#=&'



Q_
MT
C#$HE?B7(A'D.%0*I&1/




XD%NT$P
&A'Z2@

X)OV^(6CR\;M&RO Z%%8(3+(A'Q*F/DTT^DR6Z!_

0
M+#0FJ..QB'

M/1TM2O$LR([.Y

YE[EFYP E^]






OF
SQP*%&]
M1MN&J;

AJK$5.*G5$


R-1-6%)GI6JZP44;@
Z%UYU2]X[I)X;B$
MM\6^.FA*?X\]SKIM--/M4;8*X
*Y<.%ZV#'A8!CX3E?^E3\2S
#_DRV






V1$OJ
IX3*:ZU7#K;%+T(JBH5D;8* 58

$@TA'II%-8:048Z8M^'*
:U.E#MIZP:[LHD^!
M#WT



 @W$

BA5U+':;:*J1
#*[P%-;!X]T201-


M FM/-A08K'E2!L$)NSG-?+0?D4%S]M513HT]:@VSU3;[+!4WI[9?/$I:UBQU
M6Q4':=


^2#]$\]\ZW9L^@VUK


0VO2CLY3_)
';
M?5RYXU9=



Y




W!EWN^FVCRV6


-%W-B*DMV
M MK2W2!U(T=84F.




R8


MU.# +:2H4H


MDQ%1@U&.2M'9O#)738XDR%2LR7EB


M5^4*.D\.*:
GF^XR/;1

VF='KY

(51C99V;-%[ZJ@I



M:&6\HQQV-

ZZ


C<Q3^33[2^82@.F2
MF4=E8-PTNT/@H/T@//S^#CS,H3,P!^UZ[.Z9PPR*!?* PPQV O00$U8[@[X8
M:;'3FP\&[JXC57O](P);R)$0J%Z3N_X0@';OV_\D1FVN!&I1<A2!=BSJ-$&

'


MQZT??%L/*-B68[L-QV:1BXRJD M_=Y^#W-[E
(]SN\/^49&KW%B F);^[+O.
M]+$9*UG=L9+X!Y7EO1?3)7

75


\4/D7.J?M**#@UZ)9Q$DK.6+


1ER:4



MW63 %Y88FHOH30;RA*HQL[C8%Z
39_!J)WJ4DSZXQP.ZU+2F4[Z@Z_XI#320




NLE2 6H#K)M G5
3VW&7G64B[;

*K0!=!?@P-;1V=9';



MT&:/R0#F.3 655-FV10AA:]3
#O9&0(:2WR 6D2)0XMQOPB.8G3\CQT_(0?
M&+()!]U!7IFAR438OM&
^FGBO16FCWH
MR/Q'3-^5%ZP1F)*$I9<</FD2C\FW+_
O@M0$$WO+N.%&'@GU(B$MT6 I
=D
M8=:STG(0&(B#0U\\5I KW5_RH '3KQB+=Z''^#$WX D4J;B+Q1=&O%1HD

'D7^#NY)2U\$
I=LKQAT70CQ;9J\:RN$QBC':!/'I^A).V
M'9 J




2J=CLCE@
M[6X)U!5=AROEZ+ME_9/2?


)66&APWE!0W)WU)3W
SV


M'J 



8$D-0Y.)KT*:BXIJS

&)Q]9\GHYDHKF;IG6H=J-IIWKT9Q[F086C


F-CQ-%28X


M[ZKPZ





^$6#O&@2WE*=W.\[G#!G1 /@#J.





AJ_F+8&=.V7@*XKQ3'KH4SX5NV
M+<^J50B*%(1'YN*3U* Q]O&C<,9=P+'##F6VXMGG<H'5 O@_R.:4&%$Q ;M
K745YI4;W?GQ+=V'

M1Y YV9_J:B'W6K*)F1PR9H)).R&[MP+'C]'!6




@25^+ON
M
MA*2M&:4U;*/DZM(*!

MO/1C3T ?.FA[A2D4^60LH*KLA-FS8)!*$64Y%(;@F(F#[Q2*9VD9L=6LNT-]
MQ44KP%02









(GLX%Y0_5J6+\4.4?&RZ
MIEQ3^*&;':AB.OP]5?S2?.=42R



M^C 4+4=$I8ALZXU

TRO(CL9

^O?
HKQ/[



M.J)*MT







GO/FH$^$]T:TGA0MNM45_3I\T83(



M6)X:%1%O$
$FG'NI?C%BYU/1Z(N&P.6U/#K3@8RWL




M S\G(!PU4)!*:&4+2*I==T@C3FBZ?

MO!- \'F$IE)VE)







XSVF:Z

M)^UAPU+KIJNV3:/3.-V%&O9NR4)[N&37W2YLUE_WT$.O
3L
KR^X%](5DPCI




MAF-2').?DOF-![(=J0+LY;^2_
R&I8YF#:YTU]=W0W'YWI
]NB'2&?KK(!
MQQP6J
+IL-E1LZ

ML&O(I?H8K%0*68GT[+=V[DE29V)66[9:W28W\U0$J]
W]TCP.+_\S*87Z5-W









;=MX\U\X?J/

3IF7:?9ES8*LX[(J0MZ/UB/EV:1DPVKNT))

T:ER0EV
?G<S0C6]WG
TL)V#WL$N.K?FY-;UC/FV368@+ L0)










 KG\-.Y




M4EL3+*BQ*0\_\F6KD:\M 



MZ*ZOROX[O)@]R:YOAHL _JR!#B#\VI_/?8\:G5$/M/!=&





MD($$-@\J$6B*SX:2]O!F0#



M!


MP3&H(?)ZR/O&N#


#'0HQ4]K<A6F^$Q/L1
MS0K23^$9)L

MF3F02JF11R

M'X1W?NS:S)^@+10UE5! C*7H/E%-TD3:0$.0?.=;:N4D!BM_)7&^2U3O,
M,2:5?9843VY]WLA;'_82R&%3

?HQE9A
L  *F@C/H?P$&_UYF(2=N3HM]\A(U



=SU%=OD\B)-^]DDB)O60Y;3%2CQ,49##$M4V+O1$,A+] WF2B%O1






A.CG2ER]GZE+\4^  28!T



MH



KZU&+O#7802'5L%;T:%W&
M?04C$2N5K5D= .BS:E27=&E-K[KZ=6;M3<KW?51-A^T5'M5 V];E!(7\(0Q








K_BOQ ?\%]#-%?N
M&)UNU^AVNVP-RR^U]


M5:+H.

)@ Z


)GB,YB5$V@$4G3J8:9
M\%AH4???E3[^-$$@:1+[X(O^PCEIAO52H/__[?W+KQM(\FB\%\ALMF#&4!V
M1%+/F7
&4.)XQWOCV+ ]V3OX\&% BRV;)Q2I)44[WE]_J_I!-BF^V9)E6XM[




M;)YCPV/6#%?T9HX+:Q@_$-Q=Y+ /)=J(D1FWU4ZU3]8*6B?W8KDEM&\J\ST6



.=^$_5 +HD;/
MZ$_?K)F,(S80[+C]-2AS/,2TG(VK':$Q0\8^M JHQ9^$C)7':S85QW/P#(T1
MZ]O-+F&8XDQD Q*A8.=G+&4F4AZHC]:8
:YOLT%0)46GJ


ET=








MXP
*5$O 3J9BRCEHI2?\!L
QCE%#O/41_-M$2:.1C?PW82VM.P%!TV*A[T

M2D9Z M(23H%O

#PS





F


PQG!9E@VP1Q#-E$!ZHU%:* #8Y7![E387#RN81QV
M&YM*VR;Q.D2^U_YR


;1&

_
9W!4NJ?2+:/;\U#4KEL4T?/)9'(@SW)L+-6
RW(
M&$]*
#5F5BZ#;N@&IC(Z 3.52V*%]%H^Y2_A3SA)&JTPN@?(5)8O$PY8*@TE
M?]


 ^]:\VYPX%UKW@UWP[L6


[U!S&RK&+O


26DYXV1J3W6
MBN?H6H^WHCA4C+C2:HZWXJ


MH.GI.!PVE
VDPOU^0

1UO2@Z[(AUWIO-.RSZ9V(1LT.Y6)*CMPD7YJ[
MBM^+SQX?
SKJ)V-&^;R6Q-%CT\SO4PZ;!*UTI





@PUG
MGOV):=DO&$%=Q(-GPM2



M[)

M8@;PSUYXA%'_%U_T+SXX.4P6K['9$\-
H5^$V18H (N@@H)!9@.V04'V2*G=
M@[$^;47!)=

M(9LXOWR&7ZZ?/A&
0
!XV.3'_R%/M8?I C!='_0-??C?'PI7VZ _P F?ZZ=+
M%WQ[\$QQ3N4*T?S

M6#AS\KJDK(*FC'R-5=$T X5G.VZ$FC6I$_C\@U644+OD+U?1F@;;%XO/?*[L







M#8W6KJ4CS;%DF?)6K@3]E:PO%J(:?8LD5L&II?_Z_0IR92@;[I@4%[1VR_H9


M?*
:W[6U/D2FY


]1?/+^6)L)P+;9BC4QOZSZ]!'3_G;VQ'Y
M4;\&\AL8U#EGG['E%;TA1/.@=PIN:JR?D^AW4\0U/6]'ZS%V[I=Q@2-CG\A
MQN4^!/ CKZ8GH\%*7-OREY:#=*ZS'87'#.U1AEV-[. V\ O*Q'[AE^VPK/Q

ULWB*AN'U1;0^$^7@;
DN


M&BGC/#Q2?I
/B_G(P6+WK*/_T.]O.&OY0/

MA@7=ED1/R'I[UNA\995B77QW02LGZHPWPL3[.].'2G6Y2.YIQ0W)4KOOQB
M/C8ARICL
5'5Y[ 1K?KH%9S#)A3O]SDLWUUT9GSNS%!67+K1IG$KH=U\Z;O=

O.4-^
\[N;
ML-6CULCH[0ZU[C9J9ZBV.G5UT



M/&==$WGDYQWN2V87IOG8YP'*(G:QHL-8O#M&[Q4^[OFQ(EY(^.4K_B;[FK-6
M)Z:Z57]Z?S0KJ?J(K0S0NJ_7U)!1DKZ+A9,_L ?PJ7@&_Q;X$L[X?4*'$S[
MPA,9W;HI\B**2A36:*@7')#F*#X'Q076*+5QN;V*.:=\L)3/\ EL1+!#]=U
M);/\
&7J^/

4!*1#
M\T]C7*S-*VVPO?,NWGT_Z3=^=O6I$\FS5%.P+;%&GLG=\([TW^Z,=R6B&/'
MY$YX&VW0CJ&VPKKU^Y!QR6/Z(F#-,11^VAF?3GCFB;^T1KPIDXM1*-'02_[






M


X.6]3
B[(L6:KVBDB!SE]H( ^7H=W'8BWIEOP#:2@_&
MQHX-]XFJ[IYJWN7?9+)$D^I8X'
?IV]MOYXK2NUK6)7?1WPS @FSUXO:0M+



8G7;1D


M2C(RPH\DGG3&

2#2\\2%&DO^.


M0LW5H6#@#6_
#JX2#CNV;9VD
\OC(&=W=P&YL]8X&35P
MO-9TXCV&PWV5.2[LOIK]U1L]V(J+S& X\2WFQYZ)EKVD)6=DD7ZUB[X:K.2


Z9XLPT)O:Q
592:-W4H)]6J?
M^@']]?/G!+9=155 ^'


M*Z[]1PH?C[\\1C;Q8BL8J231_KR
O
I(GR*<#V6 MHB,=#E_;CT=&?KS82*WH+F8KY\3EU,_BCO4?/4?GA45YR'F
MRC\C[SE1N79^$QFJ^#(









MX


)N6$=Y ;MD9O9#VB2PAM_MEC0/6B=?AIF


Q$G.L&TF#SPTDCDAZ#V

*OT<6[6)PXX<H/
M+9=.15=XF] !8BT!

BFD((65R^.!X!.)\8CM=G<:!

N<\<2OEW]@4G:#I5#Z8Y3/5]I
MT@$G

M5BL

):]E!
MSEVT


TQ_V
:-OLW6+6^4J;R9R56P*O59;<&+AT;=)[+1D95=M


'8T=#&?UCNA)
MZF3FL1-V[[LV4)
A;:WD)M9O2I(*C!KEPELBAEF1L
K;!H2%=59-*TF

=C

MC8R[4X$#?21S&?B+VJ





MG2P4A8 2BXIA=4#IV1F0:8\LAF'$
M[SSS$./

F^..@O:0Z3O'P P^OX-O@Z =90G!#V?]6$

M
1AFAG250NR
7@NIG51QL1%^_
5
IFU0^N6
$KYFBW/;H;(]@IJGW495&Z&&
MH$PYOQ)S/C3JZ@T.50F:S85]
*VK
IK@F7D
H


7C7JS66XTI[41Q[?N%KA_67@8TK1_OCT!X11



MF3+'C5'+VZBS

I((UMAU@E-ULEG[8!C


68-P^!!JHP3QLH:1GY[;&:6_JR




0]LU]X$=W]WQ=YS_$9KU.6W*\/)A4A$=S:V!(




]8O/WPMQ%:2LUMSBH*[[F+KKDS
MH-1BI


#.C!$.UOZ1D(HJ'
KF-_?
M/

R[0IV#$W@#
E_[09WQ7#HM.Q.:

MM]'KS*97ZZ':#O_9?MN;4-KAT?C1QG!0$P\JKW]X%FN

MBQ*;VG-.UO?X

/.]X^-\4ANW%P7MRQ1F+0_\T+P6/ +DACSBIU6G1#
MT/*5/*(@-*ERJ@M]TX-*URVF4!8[:4U@%%OQN(TZY050%!2A*PI.JJ:AW3
MW2ZD5O@VAY#U;KA[.,EK,E7CUA=@(\K;A_:K'&,/(O9/S^)LU6#8Q)8^H

WL$GQ#DD94K

M=71F#G1CI%?UI%9+T+XP








ONO

M/ZSM$D+WE#8ACUHBD(V(I?\





T^;


7&]
M^)_:'&S('3(^(#&%R79*6
AVO8C<F(6,V51UU'@

\ ?4O0L)EL$


S#N[/[EV$3Z_8

2]1*8).I/:8V6+05M1KH8C
?;!58&)740#V


9@K(7G!XN#=0#;398<,+(OR-Y7R%H*DH;__1/X<^H








M\1#_)+L8;!Q:M83FFO(BJYRUWJFQ%O(XMH
U?S'6_.056W
AGU3VD[$K^!.?

[OB/7\8BVI,_P0ZKT,YF.+MH6





!N$ES4*D[_CXM9ZXLI8N
MNRWMO3'JT_LY%F^RKU&N#&V+%2=@ZQ AI)N9;'0AWB)0(A* 3])8#8D0S
MC9X/I(+L!@!'B&(W*.SOJ?H?/%#;09_!#9B6I2NN%S!
LCT9SE SW=^(72T

:H9 Y;0ACV=;.PI@5@==]2E_4[I0:(=

M%MU


MJ3J2M  (6@)6CV++2@XP&?39*
MKB7!;\7[1&E.8P [G52AI/0=2XU1_0(P







\$
24MLF#U



O:-

5^E+0*:

Q81QZA#3)8&'JAZT;+B@G:/#]4;]XWR38IIJY

MQMPD-1TBP1V_CG%!*5H\'8SVC\:R;'7X4K+0L7;)@\]0JC=UK5N?8]J3H8;1
M:N4Z@C$Y53S

M




7M
)8P@Z'-;!&732AV*KR^VU^#TU
M(7PX
\4@#'TL8^
96HI#_
@ K##-0R H:X'W(+(#02T97NDRVTEU9QS&U].A
M]33CYL
_?()\8_TX:- 7HT'_^8HU*)-'#022EV



-^9




M7F')5$2NDG-RL
 OQ@+_GU=L@;E@:I)D'@QQ9T



W@^FJ<YC Z:WRA2CMJ$4:^BYK55;T0@Z_I*JTXL<K


W'





#P);6&/]ZBBA[VHLL*W+

]2K&DFLQ:\E$E
1! ]

1:_N;E!Z)M$X@WQ@4/

V


5G*\#1Y2'$2337]QHBE]

M16

PG[&AT%'^4

M?]X9

2#=%I%_0(E





2D3

M3OT4(_\6%F&MM*QUR4 3[=$*M?=&3Y^
I.$H/7
\R1GKI
UB%'AOW01
6 N5


MVA_M9.@':2HJNANTJ==]Z]KI)?9
V9$\39\A]_)2;IANZ(BXQ?IPN;3=FKS1
M^&7(X*&





[_%CIWY /Y*W

M#M&TZ',A+.OI^]^TW5SD'!AFW0*AH)R^?[+PO?7V%#U_R@_:_6C^M0L
M(VB_[7?\MX&/NN)^O5[]\N'#X^/C\8_;P#WV@[L/1K]O?L _?\ /ON/+P@
TL/MK?T<'M+CYHL+:1[%J1!6,%<+ /_K!!M_HD/VN^/A(KBJ_C3-$
M$AR0SWZ-'P9S\$ZCSLC_O-.[
4 O.)Z=][J!4=$R=+Y1T3)TOE'1,G2^4=$
MR=+Y1T3)TOE'I&#IW1X1O?B(&*J.B%%P1(SNO#4*CHB2I?./B)*E\X^(DJ7S
MCXB2I?./B)*E\X](P=*[/2)&\1$9JCHB9L$1,;OSUBPX(DJ6SC\B2I;./R)*
MELX_(DJ6SC\B2I;./R(%2^_VB)C%1\14=40&!4=DT)VW@X(CHF3I_.B9.G\
M(Z)DZ?PCHF3I_.B9.G\(Z)DZ7&3I7=[^@;%IV]0=OK$FBD4 Q+Z43/ =5)
M




M@9V#O0] O.ZM-:VB7EDX4IHS+FE1JXF\IC:[@T7HI&F;#B0_MYXT8\3/
@KB


HJ%I '


X
CE@NJIY$?*R?@(DIIIZREXB*2N%2E






M(:'!Y[WC@Z


/;BV7X[NF:

M_-O9[U^&Z/TXZ?)3Z



0Y9EY+#/ D
4N!5X+\H;
ME('?':5%5B!7V;@)(
U

27(C=@QE]..05'/[X]?[1\?ZKXPP\#O=GWS
M)E
X ZIVPQP%
4^UQU


2P.GR(=!/IEC'(6)R*M%



MJZZ4F^6K[!QUH9'M%?'5







UZ4?;


2M

#5N0WQ-/9'
M7&#AU507_N_4Z]H@+FD7)X3L7=0O/?H5.S[:AGT@VVPR%2$F'GFA/I)%0Z
M@DRHJ0GIP%^9WUBF-K?)G26:C&+




MYD76ZYD^:QS@EI@#(K3!/\40XF=Q.K5A\5AT
Z$V;(PPO$[D/)5WD!!K


MFC6HA'/
&JP.1XUJ=PJMT0N?NC#G.+I&$83E1A0%*^O6A
.LYA4S29195W3K

MT

%XD


MLOZVA$$W+8-GJK1+I



MF&+SJ])T'#-WCD(



REP#4 P7#\ B
N0



ML?E6!Q8@ON7))S5]75=9&3.\1

0 :=6&?5JTL
MAW9





P.SC)Q+-* ]M'1_FM$?4
-NS


M17Z?$_@\I0ST
:)A0FA!?R.4;3;@W@9N8*(!QC8+^ILRU4LLISC 4Q)=32%(
MG'P?
Y@!&V6V\N#R!A%:GMM$^A9



M*C='S9=98]W7=R7?Z+&\O-G&.:S5..R+^QESR:7TKN6:=M5T7!!YV/PM*W
M@V^HZ7R_/7A7&=9
/.F+
+UP@.\BN)4'QY&&B:H.OJLL#\@#\7#@91^Q& :E

9WD;
[P@\2)-
MC;RA$#J&CI6'LDL'K*T;=);KT@+Q53PTE@;*- N(7-]]GH!BN(


M17 $!*E*
=\FF<.U6G28_II;N
*1- 5P
[



MI07I%

T=!]GQY]CU5OOMF?.(E;A+2*ZSS)?EUFR2B

MY.^#)_'=+-=-!.'*N9??N0_;066Q@'S%@4?9!8;@3N7ZIE2Q[FCU*+@*FXCF
MSQD)([KDI/WS&F.O2G)MK76Z-2\55DDW 5BG'KPZ$7&OTJP66Z=TO'#S%Y4F

M


R^UV#JEZ2:6%*<Y-:.T#:!U;K[%
M\&B73]QY06Z5#2.$=?K'/G)%40^^'_N<!?*E4'\#D'4N;N;<,'IN<N+Q2O5

58U%*K=/)O:HP
M]N':O]Y1-]1;I_T:TOV4:5TI[0:=BMNBE%JG
\L;J%LIPTY)-7\O6A:LKJ([
MU

=

MQ&L+;)TK

 ]:F/3N'2NGQDJ*VS3G.2V*7
TVJQ=4JE
M&)
Q -4=JO^)@ABQ9TC:21-#X7Z/N!B(I9'9#M0Z1]=HR4?=SXC=40:GE^%D


F^EK[*.L69.XN#

M:B?NG/H0GV=1]C &O.I%@MD%]; O+1^KM+#.7QX2PP_RN-97=89B

M=8;B2U(7_J_46*?W@DTBY--'(KG
FG+KM):6?&DZU]98I[?LD
&X@C5R&
#G



M98ODD2N.$QYVS

K'
6@.
;1:R

#$W
3(S




(N2@'21U2']\I  5*Q0DL^2\#3)H_P'


M.69CBUAX1'XN/8Q$?X1Y5'@QT9,2F'X9 .
$1!R:X65VLZQ$PMI34PW/
MV9='/UFB[#RYS=/@^V
:AV0V//VS('UHCA91$.4F'
-K&T$2/WL\B]-G(Q5S
M1
/PM4&.C
B+B@@)K0
HC1+
L

-)GG?_@/

C^SH
MF05Y] 3H5RJ:@7I6\9A/PLB_BFUOOHN)2D_@4\SB&\SCH^C;/*.VI[=N.Y6
M,;!?!N-/4GP\'PW&EIYR''\-JC05U;B^&XQ#&/5X?AR,2SWEZ#X=4)W0B;P




[*S10;TWK&Y9[1
M9Y^3;04!5#F93*2/((RR_(8X(\19N4C]9$#Q +6/MQ8W[7<F=8S'-:.]LR(O
M,/H6)=&J6)6%2)ER:_<^1'N4 


F*S;1V*



M%L1I5F!$_ZBK\





&5X1S&%[C

JB$A6V[^V4%*(Z!\LL#

0
M



&/T7I-F/G-3\*89D5)PCOL)]DZ
MQ7D)(85 (0V4WO9XEP+4'_5&^G!N

M@ZIZ?#0F+


^2!K

7^O*9EIR% K])L=-\27

MY]'_R59--3F

6
MK![G@W#S(AC@T+B[]#=%LU@E95W8(F\&X1J18Q_C8IQ-S=7NE(?BX(;*(&B
MO -KXVQT CFZN+X/
L*&@A6)\%G4L33%%






M\5FNFA2@IR]K/\GHI9C4EUU*UA$Y&BH*P 8BG:.#[ :M&\87[!
I\@$FIW T


DO(C^+**0S3;=N=+]P=OWZ
6\.
T*C
@?&V+/3T*/(1_O!GJT
M3


&&4PJM)1AQ8

M/ 7'
! 25:ZV2
MA3.K  =[H'ZGK9*!L[D<O[V%!Q+'%H5X[S-E;JUT\R@K7^KXIHSK:R7.P6?

-

M45C0RYBG61ZMZ&1SGZ%%$5\0MK+-%4W6

C4J+F






M[HR^Y?:
/J!%^GKY6( EUYYVT?4)L (177I'%9DW$'3\5MN^2+;?YAT;A;)
MP]I;N;AB*;D%CD3*GG55J\+F7Z]
E.^SZ6




MV
DI;-_^V HVG0+&OXGS.WJ

T




ZU]H&SM


G-P%M+;WC[M;ITIQ




[JRSL@0J;*O*DTI%VC&9YSM8LI_7[;G
0U.DQ*2

N5'-_




MX(U;6\'HN^'
/^[K/%Z@KGF^6I-E'CVSIS



ID?^^5[_/VUEY=#LJD
M?PT/['*

$POX7/#4



=;_'[F^^W

RCO[_QV)O_^#__\W^

M2V_._GUT35;TM]$?U*



M1BGK=_CUZ]?W\5_730LMG^Y]=_V-#^_7Y&Q&YG^UPTV';../[Y
_9ILZDJ$S
M1 ?.;T'


MVY!9/Y?

^A

S=&V1XROR




Q;00N=^R&NGS+M/EAJ=[$


C=G5

M&/GTF^
YJV@5-^)M8M/N=\^F?JZW)F;M?;%UBT7E;:3Z4*WSD!&UFKP]&*SU


M1VC55EV+;/UA6J4]






MHV2046Z4MF@O#_;
$7O$Z=M$W_%_IUU&ZSZ=D%9NKLO1^4%*Y^@ON2'^K3VZ

%C_$JL1;P\.

M?TU\NIEJGEC)#OX;5_%#/@G/W?AK_!2@BVQ

M %KKFOONA?LB&#


C]KG
MQ/<<;Q&HDIO/SO&#Y&$<@B;8[/8P.DQRFXWNVUGG\U@4N$.6DHRSN


'3\) F)E74]*UE.58?"6)L;
MV<,Q#G2O(R$;_A^90_^R,KC*4?J$K1XS79GT-YN'V#I$,.Q&TLH&P=G]#X4



MTL'-KCZ
._W[BF



$
MIZ[I!0#G_$G8@OAL60H&BAF? $Q4W7!#H44]B$##II+


+RX@M:#T






M



.N?6&


3TI7JMMTAMH8XLFD!_C#[
M5H45G$J X !&2_P5/0X;(L$]RZB$LT8W6-+95N@E7B 6/(*;/8'_9/Y/X?65
M&/  SC?*\L 5HA49KU8\NK$]](&/G$$)*W71+59!L'[R@Z)$.860VT]6


GS3$T2BWY!9;XK;C0IQAN\=)3:X]68N%O_=4&Y




M

9\-K8X#[I]-14Y+R;S





U
M(FVF2SG2T23\* \*!J#L-L#)/WTQ%






&M*19X
MP18D$1.H6@FY1F84O:(@2P2-W-&TJJPQJV05\

+W(S)T4?5@_
$\&!UY1/KAL:4/]1MF?I
\6%&(1)BC<E-HJ.^('28@!$S;#KS8KQ.?;?
ML28RF8O4GB*CGU :ISY=.=%*LJ947?$CI\DB%W&W( F=^/;6VM)[4@D9S@/

_K@4\M)4D\EZ1HW LAE?RS6*55D
M?^0M4LI$A;0-;:.$N%%


IGS&QO5
M7D2ES4U59*B/#\P&^!!M%J97%GJ#(
YI+U!*6O,ZO%K#KTQI$%5#;V1ZD9F
M=YUOY$E+[-EFII+_:HB]0:X 9D5.ZA$E!G/:]SLRX:9&4K5I/\:7)D;C8LB


MGM3J1W'?O#J0-S9383G%Q9+ONO
DV]/

M2Q VG\PZ:DAK?FM4.^^#TB&O:X[


:LM;0X#SK5


:2MW5Q73XP;G9WBZ9']Y1?R62%*@C?H'F





MRESR8G/#WUY;'A)TZ[]7:!9RM1DXK2N=591T5L:^
%%64QKP=F[B6[Y.9B
M _-_NO.)35?$_RG-I77\4:VR[@8-[OY]^Z4A==:@T_9%IZV/4K)'B/Q[]NZB

84\R@N$
MJ=G1Z3WDA^

@TGRH^[=[[Q'#B?I<,&+_+B%'\9C#L\5PQ7M-5[RT









I:!@7R#VQ\/S-O:7IAUJFK?T$?F

I:XI8LG*2P8T%
MD=OD-Q+&84?'$SBD%]$(.C23MXZB)%Z8P&EN\\J
H':73O
W8%-B 8S?J/


5XV']3JW$#8UO5M@W(S^/2!./:F
MX UP1NTV0RQQF%Q(I&8=-P0CP7ING*KK!9;(P9#2773CZ' -/_&+[9+ER\Y


ZN


MO



U
MKW;(A019._$HE#UF/#W_3V%'DPISI]7L*WZ!EI$

M



#TLW









M.8(.=5]M*@Z+'NS]N8


M+3%-YN%%E/^^8[G@=:W4-


:*_)A';'

M]F
)J4W.%
:8+7@MSH-.;7M;_ZYIY%M+$M QU[-BRJ2V/64_0[:]NFN.562M

M?UQ=G4HW=6F?S@._H(G+JA 

M+;=:LO1(@3N8


;_MF=:/;Z#YP;(?XSTF\]VW(K)^*)+IP%]R:




;M6X1U#)UK]PCO2PZCAE(+:LX/3I5@8QM[2=.9H0N]EGE1(-G
M2-
IK^TA+O3;'9HR'RE+]E2BD$+B6$SU=@+'=MQ(Q%LGWL/'^RW
BFMLB^
M*UB.PC2UT3GQ16ZQ8$K]1.M\+A] 86]I\Z.X-;@.Y(TN


 WZ*7C)Y1+!2_I

M/=N


TA\$-=D150T424Y61=:ED43H[E8.M@JC\&?EK\@+JC


+2JL55METZ =F

\:G%IT]06KI9M-MMAEBX
+F02
T&[VRJQG-6Q?(D


!T Q=UH0 M/]


E6J&BF8?%2'BGZS$$0-NU;VD2M


M#8.TS6
QC7QK20(Z7OF@D I1LI^,T.I=AJ 2(\W*':B7?D40SKH
(-*7*;



M$

15.H'(NADKXR)?/ZPJ!Q!DC==NR;B5.L(A
M5%4X!VP_.S1T+=22O ;IH
@-EVMO)P-L\YM?IQE@9=O:4.
%+H'?:&6 37



M0U8B[84HTP:D;T:&\_+Z-)Z49_PLDQ_BQ9:X3UZ(

2S'.)N




V[V:_?LJ[ NW?8F[='O?[

MN-AP=H1Z^D($@YMLTS/XE!__&#GEU-^2WET+J?PU#SV9$I!W;-74)&-BCL

M4.O=@CV^MZDCCJEC\0\!X''F=.(_S:[H@KCG7NB [A6\5:$14O6OC%1(S)\Z

M
R1^-B_L(4
B2EFC/!NKXX'YQ:)6AD135H&J*1(5YZI99^1:21*-N:)5S)*H
2QY_<$%R)].N(R=;81)8^D\

;#*?

Q0SJ?/Z&$^_/I:

-D\P/&8/L;RK

D-QE&X9+[SW]MLD2H$
M=_OU#;ER^L$3$!%BV9S ?+Y9G'6RT%YYY;W[AIZ
W '181A,OLF41B$_AP
MO$6U99?IV#?D  8@T




M_(GZEA

M:040XA\^X(LP&LLI2\YHJM&3^1U^8 !*.NL00 (_7%'J]8Y(53XM@7S-\$







^N
MR26OE[OAE1OT2

AP&DU^DFT$&I.#6-(&:]




MYLLO(/).L\/F\=+SY($7!*M&/*A U\[KUU!U-?Z!R7PLM*!%/$$5)0W+F^
^

:
MF5'4RL19*G#DRE<=F6-6GKBTJDRM
Z


\=.V!CUGCP3=!.E6J3EQB_;RUEERHP3?JAYS'

=XVF9+GV*'B%_'M?*E
G=K(C7\*\81I

-

MR)@-\SM?/;CLF=*TW%


MZ/O9Y 0PT)U\'O^\Z5 


6KEXE7\$_J9KG%IH[
M#9?@7IL0DGF;*%/?/?ZE4Q(L71H$:W4;4#^T^R/&L 8?$#IF?:.D%3^OZ:_X


^D'(
3R:Q%]]0E
M039IPY $_]&K(K-V__&@^B4NZU3Y[/B;7
MX5GSMY#XY\J#;$(S@VS-N52
M[G)WB



MY;(@\BG_CWB 4?J-$?'LT?HKXH_I=T9LGFLX6G]K])?T:__V!D'QP\(4D%0\

9_L)@I33CW.SV=;V8

[.UM),I/XY])
MG4@ U$-[/?'2Q24NP&TK/X5/O?B)5<XQ-)$P1L_74O1:KAJAH 7/^FJR &:


O6E3\[JXH#FI^$@^+;58#/G^EYD]7_V




PR!%:F9





'PTDI&GQ3-4?7
$_5X@$GJ7%[24UN

4K5X







M=W $^?Q?3_$$L]%3-T/Q!+2RQFQ)JH 'YJP(M8H+?T57*@ D$Q+[5[.[3JWB

MY_J:SZG(
$HWS44MSSOV_5WP3LSAB_7N!2[5I?*T@E3X'X94-#5E#BF\)5

V+LLI4;L]OE


Y*:\RM+ =H?(TJER;2IK:\CR5UWN


M





#*R7O@A4E




O@R7

5\U24T0YB56EK#5^U&J05#
&DFF/K-$
M;


MY* M;X[[;)+RB

Y+)?CCR;RVXS0Z=;W17%Y)S@W%I/EPZ=GS]1
M*Q)FA\E\[E@41FG]R@)WFAFJ![XG:)J
01A^:CB1P_GJP67/E
JS-^RT
I7R



%]N

&]JP?.

M



%S
$6Y %JX6AR

N.<C<G
MC'I?57_;9'@E!Q-GV;=
_]L$KVF/1^Q#/[(/O?\]^] _57^^1YQ_!5BDI20
MRGK]VNK4OK6-=A;G)$TNDP.0SW4]@2?CIVL.*(77WG57A(BR ^'Q7TSGL
Y'5S1EDH:%/
M*HEOPY2NJ+OB;5SV?JF^HN <5:3J_M3)Y_X2/S9U+!E'FT'1F#VQ#.?<IAM%
M^&Z+NN-&5<=M3+_)#&Z<O/WU_JO_W55 K0;Z,]/Y[W_[MD7I;XS^,<BR(D^
MXNTCSA0M-Y!Q.0ZD\+K
[0F X9H

M\&/Q0+^F65\4LB[YH87;Y8E4$ Q?=.B&O.&R;PLJC)CT&\3D0=FL-R2AB^5Y
MAB.BW\'*!%VR1PVT2QU1@QOE-$A2C8X1=TDP8)L/GFMR CP6.




ECEIY8)2B9CTI\ UYPM%U








M5_;4(TW8)*US.]+K.#VQL('?.[G0*7CGWAB4PDE&K8-*)=1JS3N3C;KY@W#C

?Q R#MK3
C$@W8F
MA[@@


M!5N4 T

((LY6%P6X9G49_.Z]NS6@A(?$









!I&\5@*2[S
7L+IA)





MUNL:D$VW2V1@]+L:F+ .
5<4(]+8,G[
MN_*2!;?X1Z2XD(2$^WK:IF@8P-  71@ @RDO#/%$TXT.*J):<UQ2XPT]I
M_$22]8TI6+E9W-F$80&ZF3HTLMZI80E0M!

(9S$)-RT




MLY!TCMUT)UDF%7?'67;@VS
MO3P
EMB!%$ZW2BU4J[7'H-#.N&IV:QT\AT(N
M3[/D +M'6'T)[[31PE).+FXFEAL2/'*_ *WQH!%V/9FH 0^G$5'2.Q.LX*FF


:K H) U3B%6=*O8






M'%!C$E[O
2E4BLWK!W^^(4EPGL;!&9UR(HVCHE3.G9NB!F;KI@1\M[I)F2

M9Z]UX%A%XUAINDWJ9UV5?HX_HQH80MIC%7T=M)J@)L:S/8DCDJRUT^!0R&G6





)6'G8153]O@V7

M$-@:DR-JE^)LRL


MQ=[O


TLMW.[5I500!A<





63:4\][W%N!4J0HJ


4 FZT
J9U?8?2O#))XW\%E9A_(F+9N5)V1U::K9D3KQ-T-;3/H=HRK
M96&0P0Q0&/5<HSG8;#8<LV=6()D]4W32#O,LF!WTBVH1&'0Q(A/3+[ 7J^[

\$2W=B9?7:;7&O
[

MX)8P FS#0E)5I9



M?I?'!*@)P2*3)D2DJ4PM2$B! 3]\&.!042


%J-K

EP*:G!15
OZ(\3M

6S)(X/6IT!$ 1 01E8(&I2#BDAY7E]:KXWX3T.98[HN\



W$

]9%GN
9!O%'4K?W*:




M9J7I- F)?55ZN4G


4!SDA&D.!F5*GP2PK5\:\6%X7Z[+[/V17A'[3SWS1Q<;*E\UC&


M7MTE8\96JLLI6UTP
]!(P$-*WEPOSJYOKA^N+^_1XM
%NG]8GO_G+\N;B\N[


![2


&BC6

MWM#_SO.&D]6D!H./70/ 2$*5L^C2T\WN208CFGA?M$K:DE)UCCXE
[7G/7
MG7]Y_WWKN/.'#V!]9463P4A/O8I?\TU/59T\&







WZ



M'(LHXO'*@O@V(-%U4MV
*-I
<2*Q<%



M% !F-3X$M54 P(

MA*@)#*B

M9?!2=9*RP8R/B2MD&QI
%1



M#XVM;@K5ROXN8$T54M_)JC3!
'44W


W!/G 3_TIIT-SK03R*=^7]*%S.



MO\W2E=)5OR?ADA



Z-:HH


M!6 9Y#)H

@PS]QQD7Y(E$.(GR@1L
.Z90WOZ-*\+?HQJ[RJE?V.CU

QXT_$/K((ZG04Y6V&K$TIWN9

M=4'B?:'T2C9J.34+[:K0LPWU*F!.^.UP2H_@=C@KG8T1#S3W_E_1(U.NHF]Q
M=1@

M!5_( E45AH*R-)3PXMCF2'P8 GU




L'I]U!9^W'-

MOTXZ



MW'IL%;US\1TJA */=+M:0D(5T5TWQ\
^\3+DJA8QJB4P@X+@H5'$W*IH33





K1=X

V3]8.KUMFA7D[[(\+N-478ZF
97IC@X;/3!L'P%63.;:JI;)
M#SLZ



MB%0:[/@PJ+_$%_6H^A8*JH_--)?6F*^3Z^0))U3M]0XSBT+JT:B3=C:7FB$W




 6X\#7H0G1YF)
V/#\0VSPWGB:;%_#DB2LVLX

RKAH




M -@5JOUH/7JX0YV'CYM_3\*D4.

5<F\K*.97[YL@N2G*3)31H,PS]8:;@+W&T%O8W6
MK17WSAQ[C)Q%W]=D',;HO*$$W,N:XL@!W<ER6@F!8!;[[J1B%O@AE8CJ%

M






M+:5@

TPM \.Z9




7/TOUZ
Y-+ALJQIP+5]7*O


M[V%7(5ER#[TF#/*-A:O/Z


M'7'F55K;D26XX]5!56N)-DH=2O2@PZ$/&7DIA$8'&K!_F:V#I

MHJ#*
WS+4D0D197[]:IV][RG?^$71*;WJ1.5[?(0:-+FZ)X035*P]QEZCMH(


RU4\1';G2ND?FH

MAU-*@R&4$:(BE6[N*DUP,U']X0:-P)(SL\'=;O ;\49['Z4:*MLE/_GE$5

TQ?%GJ.'VG956/P0$NO


ML[8M!97%P#8R554VVYH6FHY]T6VK

.A7WV19S9TJ

2+
MF(EDM9^T+IR!*..



M()V]2AP


 ^;U=PF
MA+*K1#\+E%X'#!

MX*:_886




M

-



M!M6.7K;*3D]_1U6H=Q1LI0F&@J/@BF%-8D+WXN4NI59'/.-@#N5PL/$MLSV1










8I*-O@=2V5=+PB^S
C2J62
V3&.\$
1+87_AY4!;NZ_VQ3[#'^G\


W*9*BLMOG2J8F6 <7MV<

+]D/S8QM/@(.+17@X#BR*KIQ
MT\UU BW(JJ3^U?9^\1QD4;?^+*! Z5K



^O\[1SVR7
MQ5SWF]._G@7)!A(TDLM3R];G'\OLCJPW%O'6#R_/TU)S6+45*\BXP@ .B
-J


7

M;H*:


M)-B&;& B;$T+N=!


MT1ZCR&#4.HR4QAPT;X-7;M2G[%6=REJ1#J-=J8$VK,'!2DPC%%$XPZ)HAV






MJM2CJ)TJ'(:.PJLVS:I5N(ZD%0#R*F 6Q-7%]?EUDN\S'VVS)K7W*Y(9)T^
MW=;!'=Y/8)@B*5#)QY OO! +/R^




6GG#VS_)74^NJ$@1B5G72WE7Y

DBPV^B+


M)(
WY%$M@[B0IT.'!O$G+#5+N[\[/D8H4I9APJ:UN]B4\_X;Q N$
42[R9 5





&YHMF:CMV5NB/5%7EAV1ES

1@UR-1;

C\+Q!*U[(

$6R@GQ39JL


XZJR1(B@)N:+; *


B;\
MN$]O:8PK  0WE16SHJ:@#9^9*LBCB8FK@J:+#C3?)NWR94?*T-EL'ZH*86ZE




MT7%&%*='OR;--ZO 6
L56RBDL2$TPLY.A8R FQ
@I:3W\6T%;TB7CGQMA;+U


Z26!M=5J= 4CU_)VR::JB/VB1*4%YGC05L





)A!
M



=D


FO96C.6J7#/H

M1^/=Q^+BE2




M2?MBL@2RBJ0=4;C3K A2$KB1
:E
!\$O
'&!MB5;JZ-*FUG7??]8'M^(&O!\





@@W?5G5_N'X

8%NTWW6[I:
J+-/P
M8\3TWSB5SRT+%AC[#F\#DM %K8Y2T




$U4)QRL+YLNA!8V=H1RVORSTHBL&[D]:!E%U$HQ&W





M:V4PU!R+6



M

E)E
*O!6
1FL$@W])I)29) J08H-436SLPDAF
MZ?=^=K8MDH!J=D2=W[SWM@*08CGGCN P)AGE0^#VR(B;+*.?@HOZ()Y]JZIE





ZI:F 8HF2:(#AGA7

M@A715
(N:8'W667!(
H;3PA#@F89CMZ0)S;9$2P)T5:H@!KA*&]A+;#%2^



F$M

M*IX=E\*HE08T@!_-3?(XIDF8\X'JKG[.#SH?KK
VG#!*9_D:K
$Y9Q658S(F

$/<(FD\,5[L&E=.846PN=E53BN4]
MKZ\YY8;\;4^B,EL<_P$GRGM%*TU_,XJV*FI.2M6 SB<ZK 95GQ\@^*VC&I:
M887
E@FY_^7-(YPEI=/J!_2.QQB.KDMG[!.C0HJX8XO!B'^8\/KF0G]?'H
M

1Z/PFM';<[0I
M<%PXKAJJ2!7 XDXYAX#KG/'0Y?E9MWUW-%M9NXC%OV?LS3/N[AKB
JC9GLU





-


BYX[\9*_Z;@B+Q53-?OV@TIS?5IR

[4S--

LKOR.8NLEU7SJ)(6=N
MJDD&G?HSIS_LC'53&.-KIG R8RT?5?T_8G:?CZ
%W4;31;UW[7]H^T^) -38

M]-]PMI.;JWF:_=W4'_ ^L.:LE3[]1CV$)EHMIQXP-O

;
M]?@1./[;)SXX#ZZPX*)9Z;P-2J5RR*(H*#!:-6/:UV&SM'GL[26 MT]ZG'*#
MA$?




MVBN/Q9]*60MOFR

MMOA+(SXW]TA1K3

M_-2

M_AC45TQ^.

MEA='W&34WV7YMF3GY?W?G=U'R& U5P[='[U/)I$Z@ZF,C-UYG429GS2N)S

MU*W'96 ]P42J1^=#;84 )3
^


IK
M)WAWZ2(VN8

M0.$)22W$O9N/MGD


).$


U1^



M@W


(]I5;9RIVE4;D=LUDE.:18YH
MZBEGD0-@?#&SR.%UGV86^9*]'OIAX^8_3!I^[Y2.(8S--M/98_]C7[CW@K2R




M]NG

MQ]77/+(;_1.]


M'AI@



8UGY_2]Y;)LJK1KK7T)6
MW5/8J4$]PW%5;YN]6G46

MC

MXVT$CT1P.J/XH*:=;B2/^OP7

MTQGEQS7V=
/]
!Q0//$!M

\C;
A^0B=[L1U

MP.?KA@GO8HX'=:K[S=E:PCBER.




MU8LZ6XT



T$S#HH#RG=II0\D?:^L4V2^


M63UR)?7.T\

M1AD.


M?UVA534J'G&5^2$EHRK-,-DG?0D+@A5S.B&DC=#Z8I&MK0L&V
L4/$5.Y)
M#17+R@CK1JG6M:[8HH&BCNI
E\TVM3HK!^YR14U!Y=62[ YUPL*=76-/WB#-
MG?=D)7L?$K-49S@HSC?


M]=Y\N;K#


M'?O_Z

U2R1G/R2



M(8AK/^N?LW2_NXE#A1UF5@'&!EN\0B]OP[KGZ




?IHFX*OHS5T9
&W%U/\9X4ZGZS(N=8.7+


MQ&'UHQ56\;(T2/AY3:V&&CTK*^HI\U/:?S$@VH&&D=/J9C#1\Q*D)V7RX(,
M+&:H 8IOE2M)/FCG9@UY15;\YZF92S_E=#;+I?%('5^TI\@B]X@A&0\X*'
MY]1X..(P&IV)3[AB.8Y'=OL1XRY!04=

M$4$'48C45\NB4MCK(&Q

MH@LBL-I;B4\
1ED+-EL%+WOTZR3
V.7C-0OBLE7-+U(I6VO@R@F52UEF4\%
ME_9^_[+0W+TL(#:W$QZY[+PWK)GFI8]@]JR9^:6/?/:LNQM/ NFRR+\J.8



MGIHEM!P^$


M





+K


4P'=5;!9)0E@JQ![50P$N1BLAM=B'#;_#\4&
M=63].H=2 P,OPI ;+YCO]W-J?B@?VFC%8?6)%5;!JY0IH58+-6I^\QNT^6EU
MKS#D8KZ18M1GF.7P-XFM'UWM+X_,K%8/6%J.X_VR%O?O_-OE5RR1PS6F2


)CQ 1?$Y]2:
M7.MV8AI9:+U@ BJ-?U!JH)K6*_X1]S9#M^IJ.]M59+.[F[U4)6Q0B&.42U&

MU)9;X'59!'MP%W4?Y?DQ^ZKH%FT-V9%.$X%+=;9LIP:K-T=A5D8!H3U9JR.F
ACQ\95V%#UG9Y!-&M9Q


)]R_0=NPC

$8T;880XRAO4M&V*8=OR)84/^\#?KJ HS.Z2L6LFK=!)K&2#BT(%FN.
MK(4D=RLOKI.OMY-I.68EHG53)'ID2SHO%.U8J7Y2+V=XA;


MB5DCZU?34 E[[%+#=15F?L=VG5)Y-B7X?\EKJ0]RU(G;RS^PT;V!T372T



+C



M$-7S^P:-CN9.IE[%.S2)$*PNT2 4WJ.Q^8NMU_4.Q&]4B@COZ



MHC@(L
2]M&BZ!!55*!VOP3X^M/H+ &UK[_W/R+1WE3RSE5@B-FN_;\M!@TLK
@C.6/8OM$SPW<&MH

MK.0
TF2D$&(V1(R6R.D+

R_*-H_+[M2$5$DFB\M


%!\



]E!

NV Y@[)\5WE*E[[;
MZF!67$H;C=NZTP8!)UKB1)1^Z&5$*E( B[[(VRQ*@=!S)W#&74P=W:T5#[

Y)44




('.[I/*_:9Z1$=.+O']4#WH7%2.J4/
M+ .2TV29N$IP8@!U[%:_MQ'QN7Y/M&12BR:&; +_+MGS3AQ;L)
=HA=4-$
MM_2WF0G*IXYI&K00_3
'7




&EU'X ?HK9@ IAOCJ0K[E&!AY






*OB
H.*!Y:Z_*2X





AAN:S\J8V/E;.G!
)*^VX ^CEQZ6@L[/X[ KBHJ?W&AC\Y(6DM*
X5=WU5
MZ+W9[E+@TI

V;Q0





:V7P/*P(CC
M'.J0
8XTM


5*HWAP+QT\B#2=S#4
MGADL2_8I\DA*^I7G17'#\P5S?IF

MR)-
Y^;-W1KBE)11I[S%76(


/X5YB
M-$IM!:ZA[Y @&G8?

MG5( $Q;?Q2BLUBU2 '.D&7+^#)-UPXI']5(-GEFHZV779/%3(YHW 2 M_W6+

7XN95-^E




EC1Z.F&4WB+

MD8%C^%$K-0!VH')!THG8YZZ



MO@YN1.K= O3(Z5N+BC]];ZFN[UM VASU)0*GB$N;/EI$NAN$:'MG*P;P #5?




PC0%!P(E?.195#=@]/4
M_?#


PC@SY\X7U##%@^]

MTB7 H@4O+L=CCA9AM!-FXQDI+C;EAM


M%JR$RR 6_3
I5GY:,[Z<YK!)2[&[ZX3\UJ'#=1O*$M'W^M728L2?J :(:N$8
MS.5/FD!]D5=;B99SK,;1A;\CFPQPB;RH[&$1TZ=&[GM)!VU-;0ZL%-[ 
G'


M$]U+:]C6V/UV\F#+*F8C52D5IYOR
O= )






FCN-=
_&#92G+72[SKTGFC@()8,.LI!ZT01JK^4DM (O^KJDS8F+#K.&3'A!*M$E

#$W
3(S

XDN;[FNU_T-;:VO0\

$9


O9+=.$'))Z=1IMM0%)_U!\^^S


H(+=D


MAX0NH9A0






S;K&O8LLS6+R

@8]C&/ [F8LM#7&M?_TF?9<464YVQ263Z #O<%4R_^VL8_\ A&;=6]

M:@.
?2PJ+QP_SIVVF8-H/I\G)_;8+_D)JK^L#'[R

MV!9O[I-'W0VJW\WL!XK1CT7I(DOST!@JB[L'Q.@FB]TUO4 R3Z6H\



M1-1698']9;/=TO./]LTE\8K^T.AGE-#T6O&HC-^L H


MDC1VW%T$1. \D ?_G?6%];U79_)ELS-0_82XKY=18_O/.*_H_/_R/[!/GX



M;D
2NC&&98MWV]R\\



V



K;$!243G-K







M6




*V
W(&D1AYD

';K4I@K1Y.#+'

[Q6K3Y/D^3 SQ&_G,*W0?
MB,?R!'E35L^X3R3IQ@P;F

HT(Q-G9+/@3CWES4
M/R)_*8[(

M[FI^W%*VQX\R8YZLC^TX[ -05+







!*4!

M(OM8#K

6'\6)\_LQ
E\Y-U
M02'S+)QOF NA&&A9'^NIA_505I
_?HBOJ48.4)%:S:SG)]8#DDODV-6BIC_3

]W/NPZ)4MZ?FCXP=%@K':*W(9M7?B)+X+

#[)4YFJA[&@]A[/F^0YC! [#
MU&_$7ZWIK.:/]**_(M?9YH'$BV4^\9IS#QC
ON-9SP.MA_%A;$/F2G.Z=L(5

MO)?G\&FW4RW'CAP;69-:\'12230IJAM6
0!%SYI/^4O5USVB(#IB%6(@1J

[M+-HX/L_^6^E=

IZEMO\


M_HH@R8-GCZ%L1\$

LI8Z_$ -82%M


M672#(@=W.+J/3B(GYNF# B^=70?KH19:)F8)S4=G-L36+^D&?C?'RGB
6MX^


MC7( *26C2/Z/,%Q?!I-U/'!OM%#E:/#]OVJMS?M[Q_@, Q6W3FWT&CCS/F

7C3-P2DU:!X)UE?!-&3H+S$3_+8=]IY5O1&$.1:(T8K





3.JNUL/$CFE;@G+R-0A-\U)48U?IK*Y^H]89PWK$VF!/





2#(V0 /
-AQZ *4Y5EP?TC\V/2L.]2!1M@

\7+CQ*P(N.S!7MX+BN.QPS$AH+3K3*JY@P_'

*:\J1+


4Y^O

!K8^Y\9N\
K)U8Q1E/4!)Q5!9
!2

M:_(U@E*&286MPG#8;*E2)G
(:S6$XC.\\0+
87[$48M4'#A4 G8=A2[]Y_[E
M-_0X2C%+JA9$2183]=YW^
A0I
TGC]8[!(?@)Q;IJ)XL2$AOP1FK#1NZS!O1


 KT+7$#)TGV

M8J8%V()[@U-/C@E.3=Z93SG'B@Y5F4SWU9YC_Y'R69AL2*
_%$5C-@$3*&KS
M[WBI W]E_ZM;SES9'8JB
6N!811!W#
$8E4)N@KBN@SE_ALDZ(/%YCGBTF


8.1

M[1+N\E?7+^W5M6]O\XFHG(/.JX.TD]7WKLZ\ .M'WLORJ@'@TWD)4S
!P6+A



2O&L%E[\R'568.B]D
:+46LEJT=UA'0S_*RD7.[;G@$\P#!TJC'

M8OAXM$X2

&-#S'9CS&J#?*-GR4!KJ18\

MC;#BKX3K*CT
VGD4RT2'(#2+1NBAT%@G/[772=EMMN\WH$A5WDN*J)1NLR'E

M]K;_8@+J;;_=SN9[:(?UE8
I^.:A


M5*X#Q[6X5L%3/ZE/';#Q[8MOHWB*RT]H&!N(U@=RA*SMT[SR(3-\=9@O68

0+!BF*._7U1OI

MO3


/U)P:'8\*_;=9F4_



MDMF?JG_]^Q1+



-



0 '4'=K?[LMLM'\W0F]@)5&IU
'@P;M

 HK3W9IM5V53;5P.($<K MT;W

O;#M9GC*BB8!]OF.N*I&L!X8HIM(

M&



MG



M+*A.%I1.ZN;#E@^*'


MZ:_G/N/;?OX





MA&TA9


Z
MV2CP/:=
SG!3XVTM5]P=_84 K;
8!B(W
M)W=;C@B![N2QF)*73A:DG%<B-E.AT7.G3$)ZXX!))&@=_1ADAEC\R=*T/K^



MXKY=18_O/.*SE?61_8
!\[&VH.A/OU^1E1
4TQ9L:K15IQ&.A2#?RGCSKHG(


@5'E[;



[=J%JYJEBH%6]T3!UQ0@50


MND)MUK6-UC:G50N@T0@'MSL2PF/T0)X/ UF7BQ(.*EZWFEFW6' $I&U+YA&&

MD*'D[!.:A(A,2AVJ&I^-S%Y]*,L5YNR3:*4R)^BFQ1)NX)59;
!9NHA$\


1%%;XP72SII)++4!!]S'K(

@'@=



MP0#

M8D.O+$MR1NA




(C2K


M#6_[*(

MB^];6




MZ]!49QQ3A
!49WRJ
V[C

Z

M[5M;WV6@Y@


+-B'&0I


[C_@


MI(\_JC7C=IK+]M_W7T)A.9I4YTEUGE3GUZ8Z'^*%PDX!5OBN(V-* 5IT+'6
M(/38LN'G

MF#_\LR%G^9C(GC=8V)G.94S4'H-R/\I;EQR Z7J%3$U'?+W*



V!< HE<:VGY@NB6;VO*O(





$=)N.%#=
M?G


F!H4.5ER1


M9 1A7:0]H(_0QBX?

M:[2R[34&AXQ#G*%'J+*VP/GSU@D3%N84.;R=/T^8PFUJVR
&5E]51B:.+:CY

BUB:4@D7U






E@2@XN I2XX_R/SMVSS_#6.$EDE
MA&&&'XUU:E!VXI,0KR#@.F.O%A^#GU9/@AU3]N[92]<94S  =EB2YBA(UP5

D+H?
LY


X/O);C2-
M(1+ITT ME. B2[.XVKSS1I6D

MGV5$&2&F-XKEL&?0HT4?ON XQ4 SOPSOGR*V)4'OEY!;-\DAP.VRYYQ84N_
M209MS:4[1OEH/AV6#0JA^B+!X&X-I(MJ^;0^+;8=(X#T04_O7Q^& Y* W



0T E)R0'H:KMPUB%0O[;$

MW)J;:B$)FB-#129Q+9 $!*%80671()5':ZN9;2.W5*):W.=2B


M@E)I5 &I(M'
D7VZCOTDC;9K$O_'+6TB3[DD:&S;YZFGW#7R
4GY@.
 ;]2L



O
M3I1N??/+$D9!W;$230E13?;+J'PPQ=/@ZDFN:V(KUFZK
 6
(T=GJ:5'7B

D^C))@J5ZB



M\



MPL[K-ECS;F-\3_[R69_((IH(LOKQ$'R47M1_-T)R?XM0:/UTQ5\]4JSK?]


[V


M9LZL''B6CSQEP!N:A
E?9O*7F?QEMK_?TP\LEG

182&@ (?C



M@F








MTG3E_5[DG
-IU]E5:5XP9H-LYY, H:[,%!YK-Z(RJKXKDIM3[D'@U!G#

(#
M[GZB%X3H5=^H=;#MF-5S'79(-G0O6*1K$I_Y

M8+N<13615%(V=R;

/:D8+GH\T=3=/T;@

 14!.P;



?G7\
+F*DH0DB_#\.:4'9.8GZ^*:)+?; +K:SS810W,!PYLJ(H



@W;LQ[YJQQCZ_58I_JQD.GG-DA<]P5)6OIA*V<DIPU!2?2MCB+6$[




M=4)/FD9-W7
T&=.A3!A_^KQ1Y;^UGT;








M4!/\H$

MK0_T;[-BJ
WR575XB8[N:I.KJJO
MUU5UZ!-@Q&ZLJHP'0CU(K#UE.<G+_6_*%R<-
; L8AA/E :9.%PD:W/2[7?


+
8
MGX):-6A
:

+\_
W76Q7/JNQ#NH

G?KE_BN[7


MKRMH?]OQAAI5S'08



0#H.C$ZCD&[121[Y






MK$

@.EFTPS5

]^!)3-P!K


S5W#7FA&4Y#VSD00
P53=XH6Z_)4^FH(F5JMYGUB!XP3T4D



Z[I





M]C%P
NK12I*:U2.1I42+PM]('B#KS1])3+?I1KV/ V1LR$G83DXTG.P-#XVI


AE.[J/4

6PI@+\W_IWQ*
M*C92207!8;]B.P37_(U
PEQ3\:6E-:$0TD+-^AQ2/IXZR3H@25+IX (U1:._

M!U0B1V#R-8(0COVI7D2RKA554Y:\$@Z6@_.ZU5;5LH''+#MU/(-9F'ML06


DKVL(M7AZ(;%!:+]E(8
M(7VWQE^*K3'


MD









M!0G=8=]DTW'.]





M
F:=^8^^1Z^DE4I\9
GM?GX\$8['A /1SMG'8B
CV=3[%^;MC47\Z8R,..G
M[?& O*U'^+1MC
MRW 9Q9O2&KJB=/KAJMY+^B[P0^]W@=IG9[OOMKI/3P'34\#T%# ]!4Q/ 3AY
M/CT%C/ I0*;YI]8A&+NL5;M1K8-B1([,V^ZP]A*9 R\?XK4#*PULFUA@#P
M0Q
B8U-'CR\2B



M@@V8@VTS*VY)!X




M\3L



O*:%^F/AN'J!26XHRZ;0W)ZAD
M8C!0VD8.LSW=-F\P2;7.K1^#4=0FGU[UY:QVS#29P

MF.^CJ
%:MZB5?[V/;K+875/**6\V49@/(HW!_*EW#&;M\_LF:32K9C KIE .
M.$5FBL?%$.\W169.D9E'0&SLD9F[J17Z#1.Z*

_7+IV&.7L193&(L?6&MGUCM?G:I=(T



G8

WFS/(3\OTL?F[[610CS/(A=MX1L]TH-OTD=L3M)ZQV@I!VLKAKGI6KE\YL

@WI'GH7='9!(
 WQK1MAIE%'XN]PP9ZRX(9903U+_/YE
$/(L.0E4G
MV]J




M()D'0?3$(M0NHO@LRA[291;0OT49O41IB



@4

^MIWB=
W\(2_#@VZA@W]H?#8*0[S&
M+$@LB9X?9G09E.M!6O1
9XSQ&2ST.83@Y9@E[/'3(D=*Z!6371$JKT GMY^_





M;'/&AK8 9TN;_MV)'Z+XEKUPW-U\N;HZE6\)\C[64M]V6
;9$2#D&E(.BV\#

&RUOWK6KLGU^JU2U5C

MG!]N6;E4M7-QFD)W+V

M


#(1X'

MS:^3E^=]IU3GOTDD0-S%MH

M)'Z(

$
MQ#MY.7?
^




9OMA9L4XR)*:

3]\#@]SC*)&8J$*;D95B]3*_0)2]KR1)+OJ+P_15U&!
1EZ_J/O
M94Z@2&7&;XYDR8!2F?$IP)'*K#.YW_QTG7ME,AU^[6_OHW-Y)@(1E:J!< H

M*:H1%-5H.7_9%-6(-ZKQECCMYL2#Q39*&AN6R70:V34FSH_
B_M-C*D_GF
M^3\X#6V'\88*YH\IM.BZ60E/R)X;9'M0+)S@3?](=//#07M;-16KS$/7


MW7

@D<F*/.7<QS]
HEE^_

)[/G%Q
?&DE3
(*='
M+DJ%IW?E!


MQVH_1YQ./E8L ?^]KS_7+*V]DV;T0R_P^V;NW&3TD_@3U)GG 2K%H2^E^?^4

M  @ BH3*
%NQLP
0$ EFD/ !$              ( !     ')E960M
C Q
M-S$R

M     ( !7S$! ')E960M
C Q-S$R

MOZ]0&0  ($@! !4              ( !BDH! ')E960M
C Q-S$R
S%?8V%L

4     *@()
D!

C Q-S$R

end



