

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-14-000826
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140325
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REEDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		14716151
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-217-9400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013

Commission
File Number 000-32501



REED&rsquo;S
INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)





    
    
    

State
    or other jurisdiction of 
    
    
I.R.S.
    Employer 
    

    
    
    

13000
    South Spring Street
    
    

Los
    Angeles
 California
    
    

Address
    of principal executive offices
    
Zip
    Code


(310)
217-9400
Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Class
    
Name
    of each exchange where registered

Common
    Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
    
NYSE
    MKT


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-accelerated
filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30
 2013 was $50
556
000.

13
037
952
common shares
 $.001 par value
 were outstanding on March 18
 2014.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS




    
    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Legal
    Proceedings
    
    

    
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    
    

    
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

    
Selected
    Financial Data 
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    
    

    
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    
    

    
Financial
    Statements
    
    

    
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    
    

    
Controls
    and Procedures
    
    

    
Other
    Information
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    
    

    
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
Executive
    Compensation
    
    

    
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    
    

    
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

    
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    
    

    
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; or &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are
often
 but not always
 made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;would&rdquo; and &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements
involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document.
All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in
this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements.

The
risk factors referred to in this Annual Report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to update
any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict
which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor
 or
combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our control
involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from
the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors.



    
Our
    ability to generate sufficient cash flow to support capital expansion plans and general operating activities


    
    

    
Decreased
    demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences


    
    

    
Competitive
    products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain its share of sales in the marketplace


    
    

    
The
    introduction of new products


    
    

    
Our
    being subject to a broad range of evolving federal
 state and local laws and regulations including those regarding the labeling
    and safety of food products
 establishing ingredient designations and standards of identity for certain foods
 environmental
    protections
 as well as worker health and safety. Changes in these laws and regulations could have a material effect on the
    way in which we produce and market our products and could result in increased costs


    
    

    
Changes
    in the cost and availability of raw materials and the ability to maintain our supply arrangements and relationships and procure
    timely and/or adequate production of all or any of our products


    
    

    
Our
    ability to penetrate new markets and maintain or expand existing markets


    
    

    
Maintaining
    existing relationships and expanding the distributor network of our products


    
    

    
The
    marketing efforts of distributors of our products
 most of whom also distribute products that are competitive with our products


    
    

    
Decisions
    by distributors
 grocery chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any
    of our products that they are carrying at any time


    
    

    
The
    availability and cost of capital to finance our working capital needs and growth plans


    
    

    
The
    effectiveness of our advertising
 marketing and promotional programs


    
    

    
Changes
    in product category consumption


    
    

    
Economic
    and political changes





    
Consumer
    acceptance of new products
 including taste test comparisons



    
    


    
Possible
    recalls of our products
 and


    
    


    
Our
    ability to make suitable arrangements for the co-packing of any of our products.



Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements.


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business



We
develop
 manufacture
 market and sell natural non-alcoholic carbonated soft drinks
 kombucha
 candies and ice creams. We currently
manufacture
 market and sell seven unique product lines:


Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Ginger Brews



Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas



Culture
                                         Club Kombucha



China
                                         Colas



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Ginger Chews



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Ginger Ice Creams
 and


Sonoma
                                         Sparkler Sparkling Juices.

In
addition
 we have a growing private label business.

We
sell most of our products in specialty gourmet and natural food stores (estimated at approximately 4
000 smaller or specialty
stores and approximately 3
000 supermarket format stores)
 supermarket chains (estimated at approximately 7
000 stores)
 retail
stores and restaurants in the United States and
 to a lesser degree
 in Canada. We primarily sell our products through a network
of natural
 gourmet and independent distributors. We also maintain an organization of in-house sales managers who work mainly
in the stores serviced by our natural
 gourmet and mainstream distributors and with our distributors.

We
produce and co-pack our beverage products in part at our facility in Los Angeles
 California
 known as the Brewery
 and with the
majority produced at a contracted co-packing facility in Pennsylvania. The co-pack facility in Pennsylvania supplies us with soda
products for the eastern half of the United States and nationally for soda products that we do not produce at The Brewery.

Key
elements of our business strategy include:


increase
                                         our relationship with and sales to the approximately 13
000 supermarkets that carry our
                                         products in natural and mainstream




expand
                                         our distribution network by adding regional direct store delivery (DSD&rsquo;s) and additional
                                         direct accounts




stimulate
                                         consumer demand and awareness for our existing brands and products through promotions
                                         and advertising




develop
                                         additional product flavors under our brands (brand extensions) and other new products
                                         including specialty packaging and alternative uses for our products




develop
                                         and produce private-label products for select customers




lower
                                         our cost of sales for our products by gaining economies of scale in our purchasing
 and



optimize
                                         the size and focus of our sales force to manage our relationships with distributors and
                                         retail outlets.

Our
current sales effort is focused on building our business in our approximately 13
000 natural and mainstream supermarket accounts
in the U.S. and Canada.

We
create consumer demand for our products by:


supporting
                                         in-store sampling programs of our products




generating
                                         free press through public relations




advertising
                                         in store publications




maintaining
)




active
                                         social media campaigns on facebook.com
 twitter.com and youtube.com
 and



participating
                                         in large public events as sponsors.

Our
principal executive offices are located at 13000 South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California 90061. Our telephone number is (310)
217-9400. Our Internet address is (www.reedsgingerbrew.com). Information contained on our website or that is accessible through
our website should not be considered to be part of this Annual Report.


    
    


Historical
Development

Reed&rsquo;s
Original Ginger Brew was created in 1987 by Christopher J. Reed
 our founder and Chief Executive Officer
 and was introduced to
the market in Southern California stores in 1989. By 1990
 we began marketing our products through United Natural Foods Inc. (UNFI)
and other natural food distributors and moved our production to a larger facility in Boulder
 Colorado.

In
1991
 we incorporated our business operations in the state of Florida under the name of Original Beverage Corporation and moved
all of our production to a co-pack facility in Pennsylvania. Throughout the 1990&rsquo;s
 we continued to develop and launch new
Ginger Brew varieties. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews reached broad placement in natural and gourmet foods stores nationwide through
UNFI and other major specialty
 natural/gourmet and mainstream food and beverage distributors.

In
1997
 we began licensing the products of China Cola and eventually acquired the rights to that product in 2000. In 1999
 we purchased
the Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer brand from the Crowley Beverage Company. In 2000
 we moved into an 18
000 square foot warehouse property
the Brewery
 in Los Angeles
 California
 to house our west coast production and warehouse facility. The Brewery also serves as
our principal executive offices. In 2001
 pursuant to a reincorporation merger
 we changed our state of incorporation to Delaware
and also changed our name to &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rdquo;

On
December 12
 2006
 we completed the sale of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $4.00 per share in our
initial public offering. The public offering resulted in gross proceeds of $8
000
000. Following the public offering
 we expanded
sales and operations dramatically
 initially using a direct store delivery strategy in Southern California
 along with other regional
independent direct store distributors (DSD). The relationships with DSD&rsquo;s were supported by our sales staff. In 2007 we
raised a net of $7
600
000 in a private placement. We re-focused our sales strategy to eliminate company direct store delivery
sales and to expand sales to DSD&rsquo;s and natural food distributors on a national level. We also started selling directly to
supermarket grocery stores
 which has become a significant portion of our business today.

We
continually introduce new products and line extensions
 such as our Virgil&rsquo;s diet line of ZERO beverages introduced in 2010
and Dr. Better and Light 55 Calories Extra Ginger Brew in 2011. We commenced offering private label products in 2010 and have
increased that business significantly in 2012 and 2013. In 2012
 we launched four flavors of our Culture Club Kombucha line that
in 2013 was increased to eight flavors.

Industry
Overview

We
offer natural premium carbonated soft drinks (CSD)
 which are a growing segment of the $10 billion CSD market nationwide. Within
natural food store markets
 we are among the top-selling natural soft drinks. This market is steady and growing. We also sell
in major grocery chains nationally. The trend in grocery stores is to expand offerings of natural products and we have the scale
and capability to develop these direct customer relationships.

Our
Products

We
currently manufacture and sell 24 beverages
 four candies and three ice creams. We make all of our products using premium all-natural
ingredients and our beverage line is GMO free. Our primary brands are our Reed&rsquo;s ginger brew line
 our Virgil&rsquo;s line
of root beer and our Culture Club kombucha. Our candy products that include Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger Candy and Reed&rsquo;s
Chews represent a lesser portion of revenues
 however
 the products are popular and sales are expanding. We also sell ginger ice
cream.

Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Brews

Ginger
ale is the oldest known soft drink. Before modern soft drink technology existed
 non-alcoholic beverages were brewed at home directly
from herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits. These handcrafted brews were then aged like wine and highly prized for their taste and
their tonic
 health-giving properties. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are a revival of this home brewing art and we make them with
care and attention to wholesomeness and quality
 using the finest fresh herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits. Our expert brew masters
brew each batch with fresh ginger.

We
believe that Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are unique in their kettle-brewed origin among all mass-marketed soft drinks. Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Brews contain between 8 and 26 grams of fresh ginger in every 12-ounce bottle. We use pure cane sugar as the sweetener.
Our products differ from commercial soft drinks in three particular characteristics: sweetening
 carbonation and coloring for
greater adult appeal. Instead of using injected-based carbonation
 we produce our carbonation naturally
 through slower
 beer-oriented
techniques. This process produces smaller
 longer lasting bubbles that do not dissipate rapidly when the bottle is opened. We
do not add coloring. The color of our products comes naturally from herbs
 fruits
 spices
 roots and juices and our beverages
are GMO free.


    
    


In
addition
 since Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews are pasteurized
 they do not require or contain any preservatives. In contrast
 modern
commercial soft drinks generally are produced using natural and artificial flavor concentrates prepared by flavor laboratories
tap water
 and highly refined sweeteners. Typically
 manufacturers make a centrally processed concentrate that will lend itself
to a wide variety of situations
 waters and filling systems. The final product is generally cold-filled and requires preservatives
for stability. Colors are added that are either natural
 although highly processed
 or artificial.

Our
Reed&rsquo;s line contains the following products:


Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Original Ginger Brew
                                         ginger ale using 17 grams of fresh ginger root
 lemon
 lime
 honey
 raw cane sugar
 pineapple
                                         herbs and spices. Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew is 20% fruit juice.



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Extra Ginger Brew
 with 26 grams of fresh ginger root
                                         for a stronger bite. Reed&rsquo;s Extra Ginger Brew is 20% fruit juice.



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Premium Ginger Brew
                                         Premium Ginger Brew is 20% fruit juice and contains 17 grams of fresh ginger root.



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Raspberry Ginger Brew
 raspberry juice
                                         and lime. Reed&rsquo;s Raspberry Ginger Brew is 20% raspberry juice.



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Spiced Apple Brew
 the finest tart German apple
                                         juice and such apple pie spices as cinnamon
 cloves and allspice. Reed&rsquo;s Spiced
                                         Apple Brew is 50% apple juice.



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Cherry Ginger Brew
 cherry
                                         juice from concentrate and spices.



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Light 55 Calories Extra Ginger Brew
                                         Reed&rsquo;s Extra Ginger Brew that was made possible by using Stevia. We use the same
                                         recipe of 26 grams of fresh ginger root
 honey
 pineapple
 lemon and lime juices and
                                         exotic spices.


Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Natural Energy Elixir
                                         to provide consumers with a healthy and natural boost to energy levels



Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Nausea Relief 
                                         B vitamins have been studied for their effectiveness in combating nausea.

Virgil&rsquo;s
Root Beer

Virgil&rsquo;s
is a premium root beer. We use all-natural ingredients
 including filtered water
 unbleached cane sugar
 anise from Spain
 licorice
from France
 bourbon vanilla from Madagascar
 cinnamon from Sri Lanka
 clove from Indonesia
 wintergreen from China
 sweet birch
and molasses from the southern United States
 nutmeg from Indonesia
 pimento berry oil from Jamaica
 balsam oil from Peru and
cassia oil from China. We collect these ingredients worldwide and gather them together at the brewing and bottling facilities.
We combine these ingredients under strict specifications and finally heat-pasteurize Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 to ensure quality.
We sell Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer in three packaging styles: 12-ounce bottles in a four-pack
 a special swing-lid style pint bottle
and a 5-liter self-tapping party keg. The Virgil&rsquo;s soda line is GMO free.

In
addition to our Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 we also offer the following products under our Virgil&rsquo;s brand:




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Cream Soda




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Orange Cream Soda




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Black Cherry Cream Soda




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Real Cola




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Dr. Better




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         ZERO line
 including Root Beer
 Cream Soda
 Real Cola
 Dr. Better and Black Cherry Cream
                                         Soda. (Our ZERO line is naturally sweetened with Stevia)
 and



Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         juice beverages
 including Clementine
 Peach Lemonade and Pomegranate


    
    


Reed&rsquo;s
Culture Club Kombucha

We
introduced our Culture Club Kombucha in 2012. Kombucha is a fermented tea that dates its origin back thousands of years. Among
consumers
 kombucha is believed to have healing and cleansing characteristics. Sweetened tea is introduced to a &ldquo;starter&rdquo;
culture and lightly fermented to produce an acetic drink. We make the finest kombucha possible
 using a combination of Oolong
and Yerba Mate teas. Initially
 we produced four flavors
 Goji Ginger
 Hibiscus Ginger Grapefruit
 Lemon Ginger Raspberry and
Cranberry. We introduced four additional flavors in 2013.

Other
Beverage Brands

We
have other popular brands that currently have limited distribution
 including China Cola
 Sonoma Sparkler and Flying Cauldron
Butterscotch Beer. We are continually developing new brands and products.

Private
Label Products

We
design and manufacture drinks for private label customers in our Los Angeles Brewery. We are experts in flavor development and
in matching existing products in the market. We develop the recipe and may design the label and/or the bottle style. We do not
private label any of our own branded product recipes. Private label manufacturing is different than copacking
 as we build the
products and purchase the ingredients. The customer is purchasing a finished product
 not a copacking service.

Our
private label products have been primarily sparkling juices
 waters and teas. We develop the sources for glass and ingredients.
We have a variety of packaging options
 including swing-lid bottles
 foil capsules and various label types.

New
Product Development

We
are always working on ideas and products to continue expanding our Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews
 Virgil&rsquo;s product line
 Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Ice Cream
 and Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Candy product lines and packaging styles. Among the advantages of our self-operated
Brewery are the flexibility to try innovative packaging and the capability to experiment with new product flavors at less cost
to our operations or capital.

Our
private label products require continual product development. We are able to be nimble and innovative
 producing new products
in a short amount of time.

Manufacture
of Our Products

We
produce our carbonated beverages at two facilities:



    
    
a
    facility in Los Angeles
 California
 known as The Brewery
 at which we currently produce kombucha
 certain soda products and
    our private label products
 and

    
    
    

    
    
a
    packing
 or co-pack
 facility in Pennsylvania which supplies us with product we do not produce at The Brewery. The co-packer
    assembles our products and charges us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products they produce.


We
follow a &ldquo;fill as needed&rdquo; manufacturing model to the best of our ability and we have no significant backlog of orders.
Substantially all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or
by our contract packers in accordance with our specifications. Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger is made to our specifications
in Fiji. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Candy Chews are made and packed to our specifications in Indonesia.

Generally
we obtain the ingredients used in our products from domestic suppliers and each ingredient has several reliable suppliers. We
have no major supply contracts with any of our suppliers. As a general policy
 we pick ingredients in the development of our products
that have multiple suppliers and are common ingredients. This provides a level of protection against a major supply constriction
or calamity.

We
believe that as we continue to grow
 we will be able to keep up with increased production demands. We believe that the Brewery
has ample capacity to handle increased West Coast business. To the extent that any significant increase in business requires us
to supplement or substitute our current co-packers
 we believe that there are readily available alternatives
 so that there would
not be a significant delay or interruption in fulfilling orders and delivery of our products. In addition
 we do not believe that
growth will result in any significant difficulty or delay in obtaining raw materials
 ingredients or finished product that is
repackaged at the Brewery.

Our
Primary Markets

We
target a niche in the estimated $60 billion carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the US
 Canada and International
markets. Our brands are generally regarded as premium and natural
 with upscale packaging and are loosely defined as the artisanal
(craft)
 premium bottled carbonated soft drink category.


    
    


The
soft drink industry is highly fragmented and the craft soft drink category consists of such competitors as
 Henry Weinhards
 Thomas
Kemper
 Hansen&rsquo;s
 Izze
 Boylans and Jones Soda
 to name a few. These brands have the advantage of being seen widely in the
national market and being commonly known for years through well-funded ad campaigns. Despite our products having a relatively
high price for an artisanal premium beverage product
 no mass media advertising and a relatively small but growing presence in
the mainstream market compared to many of our competitors
 we believe that results to date demonstrate that Reed&rsquo;s Ginger
Brews and Virgil&rsquo;s sodas are making strong inroads and market share gains against some of the larger brands in the market.

Kombucha
is the largest growth segment of the functional beverage category of drinks and foods
 including coconut water
 yogurt and fresh
juices. Among this broader category
 the refrigerated juices and functional beverages segment grew by approximately $200 million
in 2012 to an estimated market of approximately $600 million (50% growth)
 according to SPINS data. Kombucha comprises the overwhelming
majority share of this explosive growth and comprises most of the segment. It is generally believed that the segment will continue
to expand at a strong rate over the next few years. Other functional drinks in this category are also expanding sales at healthy
rates
 primarily coconut water and fresh pressed juices. Consumer awareness and demand for functional drinks is increasing and
we feel that kombucha and other cultured drinks will be in the forefront of this expanding market category.

We
sell the majority of our products in the natural food store
 mainstream supermarket chains and foodservice locations
 primarily
in the United States and
 to a lesser degree
 in Canada and Europe.

Natural
Food Stores

Our
primary and historical marketing and distribution source of our products has been natural food and gourmet stores throughout the
US. These stores include Whole Foods Market
 Trader Joe&rsquo;s
 Sprouts
 Sunflowers
 Earth Fare
 and New Seasons
 just to name
a few. Our brands are also sold in gourmet restaurants and deli&rsquo;s nationwide. With the advent of large natural food store
chains and specialty merchants
 the natural foods segment continues to grow each year
 helping fuel the continued growth of our
brands.

Mainstream
Supermarkets and Retailers

We
also sell our products to direct store delivery distributors (DSD) who specialize in distributing and selling our products directly
to mainstream retail channels
 natural foods
 and specialty retail stores. Our brands are further sold directly to some retailers
who require that we sell directly to their distribution centers since they have developed their own logistics capabilities. Examples
of chains that fall into the &ldquo;direct&rdquo; category are retailers such as
 Costco
 Trader Joe&rsquo;s
 some Whole Foods
Market Regions and Kroger.

Supermarkets
particularly supermarket chains and prominent local/regional chains
 often impose slotting fees in order to gain shelf presence
within their stores. These fees can be structured to be paid one-time only or in installments. We utilize selective slotting in
supermarket chains throughout the US and to a lesser degree
 in Canada. However
 our local and national sales team has been able
to place our products without having to pay significant slotting fees. Slotting fees for new item placements on average have cost
anywhere between $10 to $150 per store
 per new item.

Food
Service Placement

We
also market our beverages to industrial cafeterias (corporate feeders)
 and to on premise bars and restaurants. As our business
continues to mature
 we intend to place our beverages in stadiums
 sport arenas
 concert halls
 theatres
 and other cultural centers
as long-term marketing and pouring relationships are developed within this business segment.

International
Sales

We
have developed a limited market for our products in Canada
 Europe and Asia. Sales outside of North America currently represent
less than 1% of our total sales. Sales in Canada represent about 1.3% of our total sales. We believe that there are good opportunities
for expansion of sales in Canada and we are increasing our marketing focus on that market. Other international sales become cost
prohibitive
 except in specialty sales circumstances
 since our premium sodas are packed in glass
 which involves substantial
freight to move overseas. We are open to opportunities to export and to copack internationally and expand our brands into foreign
markets
 and we are holding preliminary discussions with trading companies and import/export companies for the distribution of
our products throughout Asia
 Europe and South America. We believe that these areas are a natural fit for Reed&rsquo;s ginger
products
 because of the importance of ginger in international markets
 especially the Asian market where ginger is a significant
part of diet and nutrition.


    
    


Distribution
Sales and Marketing

We
currently have a national network of mainstream
 natural and specialty food distributors in the United States and Canada. We sell
directly to our distributors
 who in turn sell to retail stores. We also use our own internal sales force and independent sales
representatives to promote our products for our distributors and direct sales to our retail customers. One of the main goals of
our sales and marketing efforts is to increase sales and grow our brands. Our sales force consists of senior sales representatives
in five geographic regions across the country. Additionally
 we employ a staff of internal telemarketing sales representatives.
Generally
 our sales managers are responsible for all activities related to the sales
 distribution and marketing of our brands
to our entire distributor and retail partner network in North America. We distribute our products primarily through several national
natural foods distributors and an increasing number of regional mainstream DSD distributors. We have entered into agreements with
some of our distributors that commit us to &ldquo;termination fees&rdquo; if we terminate our agreements early or without cause.
These agreements call for our customer to have the right to distribute our products to a defined type of retailer within a defined
geographic region. As is customary in the beverage industry
 if we should terminate the agreement or not automatically renew the
agreement
 we would be obligated to make certain payments to our customers. We have no plans to terminate or not renew any agreement
with any of our customers. We also offer our products and promotional merchandise directly to consumers via the Internet through
our website
 

Marketing
to Distributors

We
market to distributors using a number of marketing strategies
 including direct solicitation
 telemarketing
 trade advertising
and trade show exhibition. These distributors include natural food
 gourmet food and mainstream distributors. Our distributors
sell our products directly to natural food
 gourmet food and mainstream supermarkets for sale to the public. We maintain direct
contact with our distributor partners through our in-house sales managers. From time to time and in very limited markets
 when
use of our own sales force is not cost effective
 we will utilize independent sales brokers and outside representatives.

Marketing
to Retail Stores

The
primary focus of our sales efforts is supermarket sales. We have a small highly trained sales force that is directly contacting
supermarket chains and setting up promotional calendars. In addition
 we market to retail stores by utilizing trade shows
 trade
advertising
 telemarketing
 direct mail pieces and direct contact with the store. Our sales managers and representatives visit
these retail stores to sell directly in many regions. Sales to retail stores are coordinated through our distribution network
and our regional warehouses.



The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 development of new products
and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of
manufacturers. Most of these brands have enjoyed broad
 well-established national recognition for years
 through well-funded ad
and other branding campaigns. In addition
 the companies manufacturing these products generally have greater financial
 marketing
and distribution resources than we do. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include taste and flavor
of products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid and effective development of new
 unique cutting edge products
 attractive and
different packaging
 branded product advertising and pricing. We also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing
our products over those of our competitors
 provide stable and reliable distribution and secure adequate shelf space in retail
outlets. Competitive pressures in the soft drink category could cause our products to be unable to gain or to lose market share
or we could experience price erosion. We believe that our innovative beverage recipes and packaging and use of premium ingredients
and a trade secret brewing process provide us with a competitive advantage and that our commitments to the highest quality standards
and brand innovation are keys to our success.

The
kombucha market is dominated by one producer who sells their products nationally. The remainder of the producers is comprised
of mostly fragmented regional or local companies. There are companies that gain market share in certain regions; however
 most
do not have the scale and capability to effectively sell and distribute on a national basis. We believe that Reed&rsquo;s is now
the #2 national producer of kombucha
 an accomplishment achieved in a relatively short period of time
 by leveraging our existing
distribution channels and customer relationships to expand our sales volume quickly. We also have in-house production capabilities
that can be scaled up as needed to make this a primary brand for Reed&rsquo;s. We believe that our existing infrastructure creates
a competitive advantage
 including product design
 manufacturing &amp; production and a network of sales &amp; distribution.


    
    


Proprietary
Rights

We
own trademarks that we consider material to our business. Three of our material trademarks are registered trademarks in the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office: Virgil&rsquo;s &reg;
 Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew All-Natural Jamaican Style Ginger Ale &reg;
and China Cola &reg;. Registrations for trademarks in the United States will last indefinitely as long as we continue to use and
police the trademarks and renew filings with the applicable governmental offices. We have not been challenged in our right to
use any of our material trademarks in the United States. We intend to obtain international registration of certain trademarks
in foreign jurisdictions.

In
addition
 we consider our finished product and concentrate formulae
 which are not the subject of any patents
 to be trade secrets.
Our brewing process is a trade secret. This process can be used to brew flavors of beverages other than ginger ale and ginger
beer
 such as root beer
 cream soda
 cola and other spice and fruit beverages. We have not sought any patents on our brewing processes
because we would be required to disclose our brewing process in patent applications.

We
generally use non-disclosure agreements with employees and distributors to protect our proprietary rights.

Government
Regulation

The
production
 distribution and sale in the United States of many of our Company&rsquo;s products are subject to the Federal Food
Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 federal
 state and local
workplace health and safety laws
 various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws and various other federal
 state
and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients
of such products. Outside the United States
 the distribution and sale of our many products and related operations are also subject
to numerous similar and other statutes and regulations.

A
California law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having
been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide
warnings on their products. This is because the law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning
is not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed components can expose affected products to the prospect of warning
labels. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a municipal
water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. No Company beverages produced for sale in California are currently
required to display warnings under this law. We are unable to predict whether a component found in a Company product might be
added to the California list in the future
 although the state has initiated a regulatory process in which caffeine will be evaluated
for listing. Furthermore
 we are also unable to predict when or whether the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that
may become applicable under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 might result
in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in a beverage of ours produced for sale in California.

Bottlers
of our beverage products presently offer and use nonrefillable
 recyclable containers in the United States and various other markets
around the world. Some of these bottlers also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements
apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged
for the sale
 marketing and use of certain nonrefillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures
vary. Other types of beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 ecotax and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations
also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas. We anticipate that additional
 similar legal requirements
may be proposed or enacted in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

All
of our facilities and other operations in the United States are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such
legal requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position.

Environmental
Matters

Our
primary cost environmental compliance activity is in recycling fees and redemption values. We are required to collect redemption
values from our customers and remit those redemption values to the state
 based upon the number of bottles of certain products
sold in that state.



We
full-time employees on our corporate staff
 as follows: 3 in general management
 16 in sales and marketing
support
 and 9 in accounting
 administration and operations. We also have 33 production employees that work both full and part
time. We employ additional people on a part-time basis as needed. We have never participated in a collective bargaining agreement.
We believe that the relationship with our employees is good.


    
    


Item
2. Property

We
lease a facility of approximately 76
000 square feet
 which serves as our principal executive offices
 our West Coast Brewery
and bottling plant and our Southern California warehouse facility. Approximately 30
000 square feet of the total space is leased
under a long-term lease expiring in 2024. We also lease a warehouse of approximately 18
000 square feet under a lease expiring
in 2017
 a warehouse of approximately 13
000 square feet under a lease expiring in 2014
 and a warehouse of 15
000 square feet
on a month-to-month basis.

Item
3.

From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

From
August 3
 2005 through April 7
 2006
 we issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering.
These securities represented all of the shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006.
These shares issued in connection with the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either Federal or State
securities laws
 or both
 and may be subject to rescission.

On
August 12
 2006
 we made a rescission offer to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
pursuant to which we offered to repurchase these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission
offer on September 18
 2006
 the rescission offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate
of $119
000
 including statutory interest. The shares that were tendered for rescission were purchased by third parties and not
from our funds.

Federal
securities laws do not provide that a rescission offer will terminate a purchaser&rsquo;s right to rescind a sale of stock that
was not registered as required or was not otherwise exempt from such registration requirements. With respect to the offerees who
rejected the rescission offer
 we may continue to be liable under federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal
to the value of all shares of common stock issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we
may be required to pay. If it is determined that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state
law
 or securing an exemption from registration
 regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these
laws. However
 we believe the rescission offer provides us with additional meritorious defenses against any future claims relating
to these shares.

Except
as set forth above
 we believe that there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such
litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings
will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity or results of operations.

Item
4.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5.

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE MKT trading under the symbol &ldquo;REED&rdquo;. Prior to December 31
 2012
 our
company traded on the NASDAQ exchange. The following is a summary of the high and low bid prices of our common stock on the NASDAQ
and NYSE MKT Capital Markets for the periods presented:



    

    Price

    
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    

    Price

    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


As
of December 31
 2013
 there were approximately 178 stockholders of record of the common stock (not including the number of persons
or entities holding stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms) and approximately 12
922
832 outstanding
shares of common stock.

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

During
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 we issued the following equity securities that were unregistered under the Securities
Act:



    
    
We
    issued 1
250 shares of common stock in exchange for consulting services. The value of the stock was based on the closing price
    of the stock on the issuance or agreed upon date. The total value of shares issued for services was $5
000. The shares were
    issued pursuant to exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.




Dividend
Policy

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings
 if any
 for use in our
business
 and
 therefore
 we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Payments of future
dividends
 if any
 will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors
 including the
terms of our credit facility and our financial condition
 operating results
 current and anticipated cash needs and plans for
expansion.

We
are obligated to pay a non-cumulative 5% dividend from lawfully available assets to the holders of our Series A preferred stock
and $0.13 per share per quarter on our Series B preferred stock in either cash or additional shares of common stock at our discretion.
In 2013 and 2012
 we paid dividends on our Series A preferred stock in an aggregate of 1
064 and 4
760 shares of common stock
in each such year
 respectively and anticipate that we will be obligated to issue at least this many shares annually to the holders
of the Series A preferred stock so long as such shares are issued and outstanding. In 2013
 we no longer accrued dividends on
our outstanding Series B shares and paid $74
000 of dividends by issuing 3
394 shares of our common stock. In 2012
 we accrued
$29
000 of dividends on our outstanding Series B shares and paid $37
000 of dividends by issuing 47
890 shares of our common stock.


    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

2001
Stock Option Plan and 2007 Stock Option Plan

We
are authorized to issue options to purchase up to 500
000 shares of common stock under our 2001 Stock Option Plan
 and we are
authorized to issue options to purchase up to 1
500
000 shares of common stock under our 2007 Stock Option Plan. On August 28
2001
 our board of directors adopted the 2001 Stock Option Plan
 and the plan was approved by our stockholders. On October 8
2007
 our board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock Option Plan
 and the plan was approved by our stockholders on November 19
2007.

The
plans permit the grant of options to our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either &ldquo;incentive
stock options&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo;.
The primary difference between &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; and &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo; is that once
an option is exercised
 the stock received under an &ldquo;incentive stock option&rdquo; has the potential of being taxed at the
more favorable long-term capital gains rate
 while stock received by exercising a &ldquo;non-qualified stock option&rdquo; is
taxed according to the ordinary income tax rate schedule.

The
plans are currently administered by the board of directors. The plan administrator has full and final authority to select the
individuals to receive options and to grant such options as well as a wide degree of flexibility in determining the terms and
conditions of options
 including vesting provisions.

The
exercise price of an option granted under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant of the option. The exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a person owning more than 10%
of the total combined voting power of the common stock must be at least 110% of the fair market value per share of common stock
on the date of the grant. Options may not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the plan.
Incentive stock options granted to a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting power of the common stock cannot be exercisable
for more than five years.

When
an option is exercised
 the purchase price of the underlying stock will be paid in cash
 except that the plan administrator may
permit the exercise price to be paid in any combination of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise
price
 or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator.

If
an optionee ceases to be an employee
 director
 or consultant with us
 other than by reason of death
 disability or retirement
all vested options must be exercised within three months following such event. However
 if an optionee&rsquo;s employment or consulting
relationship with us terminates for cause
 or if a director of ours is removed for cause
 all unexercised options will terminate
immediately. If an optionee ceases to be an employee or director of
 or a consultant to us
 by reason of death
 disability
 or
retirement
 all vested options may be exercised within one year following such event or such shorter period as is otherwise provided
in the related agreement.

When
a stock award expires or is terminated before it is exercised
 the shares set aside for that award are returned to the pool of
shares available for future awards.

No
option can be granted under the plan after ten years following the earlier of the date the plan was adopted by the board of directors
or the date the plan was approved by our stockholders.

2010
Incentive Stock Plan and 2010-2 Incentive Stock Plan

We
are authorized to issue up to an aggregate of 75
employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
independent contractors
 advisors or other service providers to Reed&rsquo;s under our 2010 Incentive Stock Plan and 2010-2 Incentive
Stock Plan (collectively
 the &ldquo;2010 Plans&rdquo;). The 2010 Incentive Stock Plan was adopted by our board of directors on
March 31
 2010; the 2010-2 Incentive Stock Option Plan was adopted on May 5
 2010. The 2010 Plans are administered by a committee
of the board of directors. The plan committee may from time to time
 and subject to the provisions of the plan and such other
terms and conditions as the plan committee may prescribe
 grant to any eligible person one or more shares of common stock of Reed&rsquo;s
(&ldquo;Award Shares&rdquo;). The grant of Award Shares or grant of the right to receive Award Shares shall be evidenced by either
a written consulting agreement or a separate written agreement confirming such grant
 executed by Reed&rsquo;s and the recipient
stating the number of Award Shares granted and stating all terms and conditions of such grant. During 2013
 no shares of common
stock were issued under the 2010 Plans
 and in 2012 there were 14
965 shares of common stock issued under the 2010 Plans.


    
    


Equity
Compensation Plan Information

The
following table provides information
 as of December 31
 2013
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under
compensation plans:




    Category
Number
    of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights 
    

    Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights 
    (b)

    of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding&nbsp;securities
    reflected in&nbsp;Column 
    (a))(c)

    
    
    
    

    
639
334
    
439
001

    
101
963
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
741
297
    
439
001


Item
6. Selected Financial Data

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 6.

Item
7.

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain
forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including but not limited to those set forth under
&ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Results
of Operations

The
following table sets forth key statistics for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



    
    
    

    

    31

    

    
    
    
    


 net of discounts &amp; returns (a)
42
242
000
32
946
000
    

    
4
961
000
2
939
000
    

    
37
281
000
30
007
000
    

    
23
691
000
18
943
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
2
796
000
1
920
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
794
000
9
144
000
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


(a)
Gross sales is used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance
 including sales performance
of particular products
 salesperson performance
 product growth or declines and overall Company performance. The use of gross
sales allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items
 which can mask certain performance issues.
We therefore believe that the presentation of gross sales provides a useful measure of our operating performance. Gross sales
is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net sales
 which is determined
in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of net sales. Additionally
gross sales may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies
 as gross sales has been defined by our
internal reporting practices. In addition
 gross sales may not be realized in the form of cash receipts as promotional payments
and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain customers.

(b)
Although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with GAAP and meet GAAP requirements
 the disclosure
thereof does not conform with GAAP presentation requirements. Additionally
 our definition of promotional and other allowances
may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. Promotional and other allowances primarily include consideration
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors or retail customers including
 but not limited to the following: (i) reimbursements
given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers
 including slotting
 shelf
space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (ii) the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of fees given to distributors
and/or directly to retailers for in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iii) the Company&rsquo;s agreed share of slotting
shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers; (iv) incentives given to the Company&rsquo;s distributors and/or
retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; and (v) discounted or free products. The presentation
of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination of net sales and the spending
levels incurred or correlated with such sales. Promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing
activities. The Company&rsquo;s promotional allowance programs with its numerous distributors and/or retailers are executed through
separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. These agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements
described above and are of varying durations
 ranging from one week to one year.

(c)
Cost of tangible goods sold consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing
fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 inventory adjustments
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Cost of tangible
goods sold is used internally by management to measure the direct costs of goods sold
 aside from unallocated plant costs. Cost
of tangible goods sold is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cost of
goods sold
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance
in place of cost of goods sold.

(d)
Cost of goods sold &ndash; idle capacity consists of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to our finished goods
in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Our charges
for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs
incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of
finished goods produced. Cost goods sold &ndash; idle capacity is not a measure that is recognized under GAAP and should not be
considered as an alternative to cost of goods sold
 which is determined in accordance with GAAP
 and should not be used alone
as an indicator of operating performance in place of cost of goods sold.

Year
ended December 31
 2013 Compared to Year ended December 31
 2012





242
000 for the
year ended December 31
 2013 represented an increase of 28% from $32
946
000 in the prior year. Sales growth was driven primarily
by increased sales of our branded products of approximately $6
260
000
 or 25%. Kombucha sales began in the 2012 third quarter
and have increased to become approximately 10% of our total net revenues.




69% to $4
961
000 for the year ended December 31
 2013 from $2
939
000 in the prior year. This increase is primarily attributable
to launching our Kombucha product line and incentives given to consumers and retailers to increase market share of our entire
product line.



Sales
of $37
281
000 for the year ended December 31
 2013 represented an increase $7
274
000
 or 24%
 from $30
007
000 in the prior
year.

Cost
of Goods Sold

Cost
of goods sold consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking
fees
 in-bound freight charges
 inventory adjustments
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Cost of goods sold also consists
of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to our finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
production supplies
 and repairs and maintenance. Our charges for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined
on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed
in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced.

Our
cost of goods sold increased to $26
487
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase of approximately $5
624
000 or 27%
from 2012. The increase was primarily due to net revenue increases of 24%. Additionally
 a one-time loss on a private label contract
in the amount of $412
000 was recorded during the second fiscal quarter.


    
    


Gross
Profit

Our
gross profit of $10
794
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013 represents an increase of $1
650
000
 or 18% from 2012. As a percentage
of sales
 our gross profit decreased to 29% in 2013 as compared to 30% in 2012. As discussed above
 our gross profit was negatively
impacted by a loss of $412
000 on a private label contract. The gross profit percentage decrease is also impacted by an increase
in promotional discount costs. Since such costs are a deduction from sales
 the gross margin percentage is negatively impacted
by increased promotional costs. We have been granting substantial discounts on our kombucha
 as we expand this product line into
new distribution channels and customers
 and we have also increased our promotional programs for other branded products. We believe
that our promotional investments are effective and are accelerating sales growth.

Delivery
and Handling Expenses

Delivery
and handling expenses consist of delivery costs to customers and warehouse costs incurred for handling our finished goods after
production. Delivery and handling costs increased by 51% to $3
977
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013 compared to 2012. The
$1
343
000 increase is primarily due to freight cost increases of $1
176
000 and warehouse cost increases of approximately $167
000.
The freight cost increases are primarily due to a higher portion of our branded products being manufactured at our copacker in
Pennsylvania for west coast customers
 requiring additional freight costs for delivery. Also
 we have offered delivered terms
to several new significant customers. The Warehouse cost increases are primarily due to increased volume and the addition of several
new cold-storage facilities for our kombucha.

Selling
and marketing expenses

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of direct charges for staff compensation costs
 advertising
 sales promotion
 marketing
and trade shows. Selling and marketing costs increased overall to $4
180
000 (or 11.2% of net sales) in the year ended December
31
 2013 from $3
145
000 (or 10.5% of net sales) in 2012. The $1
035
000 increase is primarily due to increased compensation and
travel costs of $323
000
 increased advertising costs of $288
000
 increased brokerage commissions of $160
000
 and increased
stock option expense of $109
000. Our sales staff increased to 18 members at December 31
 2013
 from 15 at December 31
 2012.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of the cost of executive
 administrative
 and finance personnel
 as well as professional
fees. General and administrative expenses increased to $3
506
000 (or 9.4% of net sales) during the year ended December 31
 2013
from $3
229
000 (or 10.8% of net sales) in 2012. This decrease in spend rate indicates a trend in spending that is attributable
to increased efficiencies due to scale. Compensation costs increased by $108
000
 professional
 legal and consulting costs increased
by $121
000
 and stock option expense increased by $109
000.

(Loss)
Income from Operations

Loss
from operations was $869
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013
 as compared to income of $136
000 in 2012. The decrease is primarily
due to increased promotional spending and increased plant costs in excess of absorbed costs through production.

Interest
Expense

Interest
expense decreased to $651
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013
 compared to interest expense of $660
000 in the same period
of 2012.

Modified
EBITDA

The
Company defines modified EBITDA (a non-GAAP measurement) as net loss before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 and
non-cash share-based compensation expense. Other companies may calculate modified EBITDA differently. Management believes that
the presentation of modified EBITDA provides a measure of performance that approximates cash flow before interest expense
 and
is meaningful to investors.


    
    


MODIFIED
EBITDA SCHEDULE



    

    ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
520
000
(524
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
550
000
738
000

    
651
000
660
000

    
327
000
107
000

    
5
000
23
000

    
1
533
000
1
528
000

    
    
    

    
13
000
1
004
000


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2013
 we had stockholders equity of $3
387
000 and we had working capital of $1
347
000
 compared to stockholders
equity of $4
098
000 and working capital of $2
298
000 at December 31
 2012. The decrease in our working capital of $951
000 was
primarily a result of net losses and pay downs on our long-term debt.

Our
decrease in cash and cash equivalents to $1
104
000 at December 31
 2013 compared to $1
163
000 at December 31
 2012
 a decrease
of $59
000
 was primarily a result of cash used by operating activities of $1
193
000
 costs of plant improvements of $602
000
and principal payments on debt of $385
000; which was offset primarily by net drawdown on our revolving line of credit of $1
501
000
an increased advance on our term loan of $217
000
 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants of $403
000.

Our
Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC provides a $4.5 million revolving line of credit and a $750
000
term loan. The revolving line of credit is based on 85% of eligible accounts receivable and 50% of eligible inventory. The interest
rate on the revolving line of credit is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31
 2013). The term loan is for $750
000
and bears interest at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 which shall not be below 14.85%
 is secured by all of the unencumbered assets
of the Company
 and is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal and interest of $21
000.


On
September 20
 2013
 the revolving line of credit was increased to $4
800
000 and granted an over-advance of $500
000
 both for
the six month period September 1
 2013 to February 28
 2014. On February 28
 2014
 the $4
800
000 and $500
000 amounts were extended
to May 31
 2014
 after which the revolving line of credit will be $4
500
000 and the over-advance will be $200
000. The revolving
line of credit matures on November 8
 2014. On May 1
 2013 the term loan maturity date was extended to April 20
 2017. At December
31
 2013
 the balance of the term loan was $647
000



includes a financial covenant (debt service coverage ratio) that is effective only if the credit availability under the revolving
line of credit falls below $100
000 and another financial covenant (capital expenditures) that the Company will not make capital
expenditures in excess of $500
000 in any fiscal year. At December 31
 2013
 the credit availability on the revolving line of
credit fell below $100
000 and
 during 2013
 the Company expended more than $500
000 for capital expenditures. Accordingly
 these
two events caused the Company to be in default under the loan agreement on December 31
 2013. These defaults were waived on March
19
 2014.

We
believe that the Company currently has the necessary working capital to support existing operations for at least the next 12 months.
Our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we believe
that the Company can reduce its operating costs and can be managed to maintain positive cash flow from operations. Historically
we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 convertible debt
 a line of
credit from a financial institution and cash generated from operations.

We
may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to
achieve profitable operations at some point in the future
 we eventually may have insufficient working capital to maintain our
operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion and marketing and product development plans. In addition
our losses may increase in the future as we expand our manufacturing capabilities and fund our marketing plans and product development.
These losses
 among other things
 have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital
 total assets and
stockholders&rsquo; equity. If we are unable to achieve profitability
 the market value of our common stock would decline and
there would be a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

If
we suffer losses from operations
 our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business operations
as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available
on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce our level of operations
including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
 personnel and other operating expenses. These events could adversely affect our
business
 results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available or if they are not available on acceptable
terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
 take advantage of opportunities
 develop products or services or otherwise
respond to competitive pressures could be significantly limited.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
or GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our financial statements including
various allowances and reserves for accounts receivable and inventories
 the estimated lives of long-lived assets and trademarks
and trademark licenses
 as well as claims and contingencies arising out of litigation or other transactions that occur in the
normal course of business. The following summarize our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:

Revenue
Recognition
 and collection
of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without
an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted
by management based on historical trends of returned items. Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included
in sales. The Company reimburses its wholesalers and retailers for promotional discounts
 samples and certain advertising and
promotional activities used in the promotion of the Company&rsquo;s products. The accounting treatment for the reimbursements
for samples and discounts to wholesalers results in a reduction in the net revenue line item. Reimbursements to wholesalers and
retailers for certain advertising activities are included in selling and marketing expenses.

Cost
of Tangible Goods Sold 
products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Raw materials
account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
 other containers
 ingredients and packaging
materials.

Cost
of goods sold &ndash; Idle Capacity
of charges allocated to finished goods. Our charges for labor and overhead allocated to our finished goods are determined on a
cost basis. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 and repairs and maintenance. Plant costs in excess of production
allocations are expensed in the period incurred.

Long-Lived
 Management assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate
of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairments for its property and equipment.

Intangible
assets are comprised of indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate
that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not
amortized
 but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is
appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of
our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds
its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived
intangible assets.&nbsp;

Management
believes that the accounting estimate related to impairment of our long lived assets
 including our trademark license and trademarks
is a &ldquo;critical accounting estimate&rdquo; because: (1) it is highly susceptible to change from period to period because
it requires management to estimate fair value
 which is based on assumptions about cash flows and discount rates; and (2) the
impact that recognizing an impairment would have on the assets reported on our balance sheet
 as well as net income
 could be
material.&nbsp;Management&rsquo;s assumptions about cash flows and discount rates require significant judgment because actual
revenues and expenses have fluctuated in the past and we expect they will continue to do so.

In
estimating future revenues
 we use internal budgets. Internal budgets are developed based on recent revenue data for existing
product lines and planned timing of future introductions of new products and their impact on our future cash flows.

Accounts
Receivable
where we become aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to us
 a specific reserve for
bad debts is estimated and recorded which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount our management believes will
ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on our historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value
of the inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory
based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production
requirements. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated
changes in consumer preferences
 general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders
or a reduction in the rate of reorders placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand
may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.


    
    


Stock-Based
Compensation. 
transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting
to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value
of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and
warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value
of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment
is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based
compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where
there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based
compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing
model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options
or warrants
 and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option
Pricing model
 and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially
affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.

We
believe there have been no significant changes
 during the year ended December 31
 2013
 to the items disclosed as critical accounting
policies and estimates in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-04. This update clarifies
how entities measure obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation
is fixed at the reporting date. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013 and interim reporting
periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations

In
April 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07 to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
the update provides guidance for recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements
prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements
under the liquidation basis of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. This guidance is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact
on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations.

In
July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11 which provides guidance relating to the financial statement presentation of unrecognized
tax benefits. The update provides that a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit would be presented as a reduction of
a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward
 if such settlement
is required or expected in the event the uncertain tax position is disallowed. This update does not require any new recurring
disclosures and is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods
thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations.

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants
 and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
on the Company&rsquo;s present or future consolidated financial statements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

As
a smaller reporting company
 Reed&rsquo;s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A.


    
    


Item
8.



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Financial
                                         Statements:
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
    Sheets as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
    
    



    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Reed&rsquo;s
Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related statements
of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended.&nbsp;These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly in all material respects
 the financial position of Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



/s/
    Weinberg &amp; Company
 P.A.
    

    
    

Los
    Angeles
 California
    

March
    25
 2014
    



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
BALANCE
SHEETS



    
December
    31
 2013
December
                                         31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
104
000
1
163
000

    
6
293
000
5
794
000


 net of allowance for doubtful
    accounts and returns and discounts of $324
000 and $399
000
 respectively
2
143
000
1
961
000

    
256
000
201
000

    
178
000
212
000

    
9
974
000
9
331
000

    
    
    


 net of accumulated depreciation of $2
796
000
    and $2
351
000
 respectively
3
686
000
3
422
000

    
1
029
000
1
029
000


 net of amortization of $40
000 and
    $26
000
 respectively
60
000
54
000

    
14
749
000
13
836
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
612
000
3
368
000

    
136
000
233
000

    
    
74
000

    
4
524
000
3
023
000

    
111
000
90
000

    
79
000
69
000

    
165
000
176
000

    
8
627
000
7
033
000

    
    
    


 less current portion
 net
    of discount of $526
000 and $576
000
 respectively
2
147
000
2
208
000


 less current portion
106
000
98
000


 less current portion
482
000
399
000

    
11
362
000
9
738
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $10 par value
 500
000
    shares authorized
 9
411 and 10
411 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
94
000
104
000


 $10 par value
 500
000
    shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013
 45
602 shares issued and outstanding
 at December
    31
 2012
    
456
000


 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
    12
922
832 and 12
084
673 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
1
000
1
000

    
25
276
000
23
996
000

    
(21
984
000
(20
459
000

    
3
387
000
4
098
000


    equity
14
749
000
13
836
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    


 net
37
281
000
30
007
000

    
26
487
000
20
863
000

    
10
794
000
9
144
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
977
000
2
634
000

    
4
180
000
3
145
000

    
3
506
000
3
229
000

    
11
663
000
9
008
000

    
    
    

    
(869
000
136
000

    
    
    

    
(651
000
(660
000

    
    
    

    
(1
520
000
(524
000

    
    
    

    
(5
000
(45
000

    
    
    

    
(1
525
000
(569
000

    
    
    


    and diluted
    
    

    
12
541
074
11
361
053


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2013



    
Common
    Stock
Series
    A 
Series
    B 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
 2012
10
885
833
1
000
46
621
466
000
80
415
804
000
22
924
000
(19
890
000
4
305
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair Value of Common Stock issued for
    bonuses and services
14
965
    
    
    
    
    
23
000
    
23
000

Common stock issued upon conversion
    of Series A preferred stock
144
840
    
(36
210
(362
000
    
    
362
000
    
    

Common stock issued upon conversion
    of Series B preferred stock
243
691
    
    
    
(34
813
(348
000
348
000
    
    

    
347
223
    
    
    
    
    
30
000
    
30
000

    
416
048
    
    
    
    
    
147
000
    
147
000

Fair value vesting of options issued
    to employees
    
    
    
    
    
    
107
000
    
107
000

Series A and Series B preferred stock
    dividend
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(45
000
(45
000

Common stock paid for Series A and Series
    B dividend
32
073
    
    
    
    
    
55
000
    
55
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(524
000
(524
000

Balance
 December 31
 2012
12
084
673
1
000
10
411
104
000
45
602
456
000
23
996
000
(20
459
000
4
098
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair Value of common stock issued for
    services
1
250
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
5
000

Common stock issued upon conversion
    of Series A preferred stock
4
000
    
(1
000
(10
000
    
    
10
000
    
    

Common stock issued upon conversion
    of Series B preferred stock
319
214
    
    
    
(45
602
(456
000
456
000
    
    

    
276
106
    
    
    
    
    
30
000
    
30
000

    
188
635
    
    
    
    
    
373
000
    
373
000

Fair value vesting of options issued
    to employees
    
    
    
    
    
    
327
000
    
327
000

    
1
064
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
(5
000
    

Common stock paid for Series A Series
    B dividend
47
890
    
    
    
    
    
74
000
    
74
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
520
000
(1
520
000

Balance
 December 31
 2013
12
922
832
1
000
9
411
94
000
    
    
25
276
000
(21
984
000
3
387
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
520
000
(524
000


    activities:
    
    

    
550
000
738
000

    
327
000
107
000

    
5
000
23
000

    
(75
000
264
000

    
    
    

    
(107
000
(599
000

    
(499
000
305
000

    
(21
000
(122
000

    
244
000
1
058
000

    
(97
000
(73
000

    
(1
193
000
1
177
000

    
    
    

    
(602
000
(507
000

    
(602
000
(507
000

    
    
    

    
403
000
177
000

    
(61
000
(44
000

    
217
000
    

    
(145
000
(153
000

    
(90
000
(71
000

    
(89
000
(57
000

    
1
501
000
(72
000

    
1
736
000
(220
000

    
(59
000
450
000

    
1
163
000
713
000

    
1
104
000
1
163
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
712
000
668
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
362
000

    
456
000
348
000

    
5
000
55
000

    
74
000
74
000

    
107
000
15
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012



    
Operations
    and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies




    
    
Nature
    of Operations


Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed
its name from Original Beverage Corporation to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware.
The Company is engaged primarily in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as
well as candies and ice creams. We currently manufacture
 market and sell seven unique product lines:


Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Ginger Brews




Virgil&rsquo;s
                                         Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas




Culture
                                         Club Kombucha




China
                                         Colas




Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Ginger Chews




Reed&rsquo;s
                                         Ginger Ice Creams




Sonoma
                                         Sparkler Sparkling Juices

The
Company sells its products primarily in natural food stores
 supermarket chains
 and upscale gourmet stores in the United States
and Canada.



    
    
Use
    of Estimates


The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles
 accruals
for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    
Accounts
    Receivable


The
Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
Company becomes aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve
for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on the Company&rsquo;s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.

The
allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables.
At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $324
000 and $399
000
respectively.



    
    
Property
    and Equipment and Related Depreciation


Property
and equipment is stated at cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and
equipment or increase production capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense
as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:



Property
    and Equipment Type
    
Years
    of Depreciation
    

    
    
39
    years
    

Machinery
    and equipment
    
5-12
    years
    

    
    
5
    years
    

Office
    equipment
    
5-7
    years
    



    
    


Management
assess the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and
2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairments for its property and equipment.



    
    
Intangible
    Assets and Impairment Policy


Intangible
assets are comprised of indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate
that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not
amortized
 but are assessed for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is
appropriate. As part of our impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of
our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds
its fair value
 as determined by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived
intangible assets.



    
    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s cash balances on deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000
at December 31
 2013. The Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance
limit. In assessing the risk
 the Company&rsquo;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions.
The Company had cash balances in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 32% and 10% of its sales
 respectively;
and during the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its
sales
 respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2013 the Company
had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $571
000 (23%) and $424
000 (17%) of its total accounts receivable;
and as of December 31
 2012 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000
(14%)
 respectively
 of its total accounts receivable.

The
Company currently relies on a single contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage products. The Company
has different packers available for their production of products. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted
their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately
affect operating results.

During
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 29% and 24%
 respectively
of all purchases. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 21% and 27% of
its total accounts payable
 respectively. No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012.



    
    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments


The
Company uses various inputs in determining the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial
assets recorded at fair value in the balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used
to measure their fair value. Authoritative guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the
amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these financial assets:

Level
1&mdash;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level
2&mdash;Inputs
 other than the quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.
Level
3&mdash;Unobservable inputs based on the Company&rsquo;s assumptions.

The
carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank
loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments. The carrying values of long-term loans approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on these
loans are reset each year based on prevailing market interest rates.



    
    
Cost
    of sales


Cost
of goods sold is comprised of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists
of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production
supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined
on a market cost basis
 which may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are
expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related to the production
of our products are classified as operating expenses.


    
    




    
    
Delivery
    and Handling Expenses


Shipping
and handling costs are comprised of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
and other costs associated with product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    
Income
    Taxes


The
Company uses an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and
measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and
liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance
is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to
realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility is uncertain. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to recognize interest and/or
penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.



    
    
Revenue
    Recognition


Revenue
is recognized on the sale of a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably
assured
 which generally occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit
acceptance procedures performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical
trends of returned items. Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.

The
Company accounts for certain sales incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales
incentives for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 approximated $3
804
000 and $2
345
000
 respectively.



    
    
Net
    Loss Per Share


Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the year.&nbsp;Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the
net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number
of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the
treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.

For
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential
dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    



    
    
    

    
101
963
317
253

    
37
644
41
644

    
    
319
214

    
639
334
607
000

    
778
941
1
285
111




    
    
Advertising
    Costs


Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling expense in the amount of $120
000 and $111
000
 for the years ended
December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


    
    




    
    
Stock
    Compensation Expense


The
Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for
services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based
on the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured
on the date of grant and recognized over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and
vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation
is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at
the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation
charges generally are amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no
future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation
charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s stock option and warrant grants are estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing
model
 which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options
or warrants
 and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option
Pricing model
 and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially
affect compensation expense recorded in future periods.



    
    
Recent
    Accounting Pronouncements


In
February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-04. This update clarifies
how entities measure obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation
is fixed at the reporting date. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013 and interim reporting
periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations

In
April 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07 to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
the update provides guidance for recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements
prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements
under the liquidation basis of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. This guidance is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact
on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations.

In
July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11 which provides guidance relating to the financial statement presentation of unrecognized
tax benefits. The update provides that a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit would be presented as a reduction of
a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward
 if such settlement
is required or expected in the event the uncertain tax position is disallowed. This update does not require any new recurring
disclosures and is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods
thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations.

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants
 and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
on the Company&rsquo;s present or future consolidated financial statements.



    
    


Inventory
is valued at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    

 2013

 2012

    
3
118
000
3
524
000

    
3
175
000
2
270
000

    
6
293
000
5
794
000




    
    




    
Property
    and Equipment


Property
and equipment is comprised of the following as of:



    
December
                                         31
 2013
December
                                         31
 2012

    
1
108
000
1
108
000

    
1
829
000
1
737
000

    
338
000
320
000

    
2
763
000
2
174
000

    
444
000
434
000

    
6
482
000
5
773
000

    
(2
796
000
(2
351
000

    
3
686
000
3
422
000


Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $445
000 and $612
000
 respectively.

Machinery
and equipment at December 31
 2013 and 2012 includes equipment held under capital leases of $415
000 and $309
000
 respectively
(see Note 8). Accumulated depreciation on equipment held under leases was $231
000 and $149
000 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively.



    
Intangible
    Assets


Brand
Names

Brand
names consist of the following three trademarks for natural beverage as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
576

    

    
224

    

    
229

    

    
1
029

    



Virgil&rsquo;s
China Cola
 and Sonoma Sparkler brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment
annually. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived
intangible assets.



Deferred
Financing Fees

Deferred
financing fees are comprised of the following as of:



    

 2013

 2012

    
100
000
80
000

    
(40
000
(26
000

    
60
000
54
000


Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was approximately $55
000 and $75
000 respectively.

Amortization
of deferred financing fees is as follows for the years ending December 31:



    
    

    
54
000

    
3
000

    
3
000

    
60
000




    
Line
    of Credit


On
November 9
 2011
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (PMC) which provides
a $4
500
000 revolving line of credit and a $750
000 term loan (see Note 7). On September 20
 2013
 the line of credit was increased
to $4
800
000 effective September 1
 2013 to May 31
 2014
 after which it will be $4
500
000. At December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $4
524
000 and $3
023
000 respectively. The line of credit
is based on 85% of eligible accounts receivable and 50% of eligible inventory
 expires on November 7
 2014
 and is secured by
substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets. The interest rate is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31
 2013).
There is an early termination fee of 1% of the maximum revolver amount during 2014. Also on September 20
 2013
 the Company was
granted an over-advance on its revolving line of credit calculation of $500
000 effective September 1
 2013 to May 31
 2014
 after
which it will be $200
000. 

The
revolving line of credit agreement includes a financial covenant debt service coverage ratio that is effective only if the credit
availability under the revolving line of credit falls below $100
000 and a financial covenant that the Company will not make capital
expenditures in excess of $500
000 in any fiscal year. At December 31
 2013
 the credit availability under the revolving line
of credit was below $100
000
 and during 2013 the Company expended more than $500
000 for capital expenditures. Accordingly at
December 31
 2013
 the Company was in default under the loan agreement with PMC. The defaults were waived by PMC on March 19
2014. This revolving line of credit matures on November 8
 2014.


    
    




    
Long
    Term Financing Obligation


Long
term financing obligation is comprised of the following as of:



    



    
    
    

    
2
784
000
2
874
000

    
(526
000
(576
000

    
2
258
000
2
298
000

    
(111
000
(90
000

    
2
147
000
2
208
000


On
June 15
 2009
 the Company closed escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into
a long-term lease agreement for the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase
the buildings and brewery equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of
the fair market value or an agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company
determined it had continuing involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted
for as a long-term financing. The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation
in the amount of $3
056
000. Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in
the financing obligation at an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation is personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000
by the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.

In
connection with the financing obligation
 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at
$1.20 per share for five years. The 400
000 warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black
Scholes option pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to
$2.25; term of 5 years; volatility of 91.36% to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000
warrants were recorded as valuation discount and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization
of valuation discount was $50
000 during both of the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.

The
aggregate amount due under the financing obligation at December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
784
000 and $2
874
000
 respectively.
Aggregate future obligations under the financing obligation are as follows:



    
    

    
111
000

    
135
000

    
160
000

    
190
000

    
222
000

    
1
966
000

    
2
784
000



    
Term
    Loan


In
connection with the Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (see Note 5)
 the Company entered into
a Term Loan. The loan is for $750
000
 bears interest at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 not to be below 14.85% (14.85% at December
31
 2013)
 is secured by all of the unencumbered assets of the Company
 and is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal
and interest of $21
000. This loan matures on April 20
 2017.



    



    
    
    

    
647
000
575
000

    
(165
000
(176
000

    
482
000
399
000


Aggregate
future obligations under the term loan are as follows:



    
    

    
165
000

    
482
000

    
647
000




    
Obligations
    Under Capital Leases


The
Company leases equipment for its brewery operations with an aggregate value of $415
000 under 12 non-cancelable capital leases.
Most of the leases are personally guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer. Monthly payments range from $189
to $1
680 per month
 including interest
 at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.32% per annum. At December 31
 2013
 monthly
payments under these leases aggregated $10
000. The leases expire at various dates through 2018.

Future
minimum lease payments under capital leases are as follows:





    

    
100
000

    
57
000

    
40
000

    
24
000

    
12
000

    
233
000

    
(48
000

    
185
000

    
79
000

    
106
000



    
    





    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity


Preferred
Stock 

Series
A

Series
A Preferred stock consists of 500
000 shares $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December
31
 2013 and 2012
 there were 9
411 and 10
411 shares outstanding
 respectively
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share.

The
Series A Preferred shares have a 5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole
and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare
or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock
have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are
entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis with the holders of our common
stock. During the year ended December 31
 2013 the Company accrued and paid a $5
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 1
064 shares of its common stock. During the year ended December
31
 2012 the Company accrued and paid a $16
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected
to pay through the issuance of 4
760 shares of its common stock.

In
the event of any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject
to the rights of the holders of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to
receive
 prior to the holders of any of our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
all remaining assets shall be distributed pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of
the original purchase price per share
 which was $10.00
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.

The
Series A preferred stock may be converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such
stock is redeemed
 into four shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized
but unissued shares of common stock a sufficient number of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series
A preferred stock. During 2013
 1
000 shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into 4
000 shares of common stock and
during 2012
 36
210 shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into 144
840 shares of common stock.

Except
as provided by law
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without
limitation
 the election of directors. However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
without first obtaining the approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue
any equity security having a preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or
voting
 including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.

Series
B



of 500
000 shares&nbsp;$10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. On February 5
 2012
 the Company completed
a standby offering of 12
780 shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 for gross proceeds of $127
800.
In connection with the offering
 the Company also issued warrants to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock at $1.79 per share
for five years. The Company paid legal and broker fees of approximately $11
000 in connection with the offering
 resulting in
net proceeds to the Company of $117
000.


 2013 there were
no shares of Series B Preferred stock outstanding. At December 31
 2012 there were 45
602 shares of Series B Preferred stock outstanding.


The
Series B Preferred shares have a 5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend payable quarterly for a period of three years. The
dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based
on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred
stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 $29
000 in dividends were accrued and $38
000 of dividends were paid by the issuance of 27
313

 2013

balance of 45
602 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to 319
214 shares of common stock and accrued
dividends of $74
000 were paid by issuing 47
890 shares of common stock.

Common
Stock

Common
stock consists of $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 12
922
832 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
2013 and 12
084
673 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 1
250 shares of common stock for services at $4.00 per share with a value
of $5
000. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 14
965 shares of common stock for services rendered at
prices ranging from $1.13 to $2.17 per share with a value of $23
000.


    
    




    
Stock
    Options and Warrants




    
    
Stock
    Options


In
2001
 the Company adopted the Original Beverage Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and
 in 2007
 the Company adopted the Reed&rsquo;s
Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan (the &ldquo;Plans&rdquo;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the
Compensation Committee. Individuals eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and
directors of the Company. The options shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per
share on the grant date. The total number of options authorized is 500
000 and 1
500
000
 respectively for the Original Beverage
Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and the Reed&rsquo;s Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan.

During
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company granted 414
000 and 10
000 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a weighted exercise price of $3.99 and $1.85
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The aggregate value
of the options vesting
 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $327
000 and $107
000
 respectively
and has been reflected as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2013
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $532
000
 which
will be amortized as compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 - 3 years.


 2012
 the Company
repriced 20
000 employee options to an exercise price of $1.83
 which were previously $2.43 per share and $2.06 per share. The
total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was $3
000. On December 23
 2012
 the Company repriced
20
000 employee options to an exercise price of $1.14
 which were previously $2.06 per share; and extended the termination date
of 420
000 employee options until December 22
 2016. Such options previously were to expire on dates that were between 8 months
and 48 months from the extension date. The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing and extensions
was $53
000; of which $48
000 was recognized in the year ended December 31
 2012 and $5
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013.
During the year ended December 31
 2013 there were 348
332 options exercised at an average price of $1.14. Most of such exercises
were cash-less
 however
 the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000. During the year ended December
31
 2012 there were 408
334 stock options exercised at a price of $1.05 per share. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 however
the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000.

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during 2013 and 2012 was $1.97 and $0.40
 respectively. The fair value
of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions
noted in the following table. For purposes of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding
period is used. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield
in effect at the time of the grant.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


A
summary of option activity as of December 31
 2013 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    

    

    
Intrinsic
    


 2012
1
172
000
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    

    
(408
334
    
    
    

    
(166
666
    
    
    


 2012
607
000
    
    
    

    
414
000
    
    
    

    
(348
332
    
    
    

    
(33
334
    
    
    


 2013
639
334
    
    
3
070
000


 2013
269
083
    
    
1
637
000


As
of December 31
 2013
 the aggregate intrinsic values of $3
070
000 and $1
637
000 were calculated as the difference between the
market price and the exercise price of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 which was $7.98 as of December 31
 2013.


    
    


A
summary of the status of the Company&rsquo;s nonvested shares granted under the Company&rsquo;s stock option plan as of December
31
 2013 and changes during the year then ended is presented below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
195
836
    

    
414
000
    

    
(206
251
    

    
(33
334
    


 2013
370
251
    



Additional
information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
 2013 is as follows:



    

    at December 31
 2013

    at 
 2013

    

    Outstanding

    Remaining Contractual Life (years)

    Exercise Price

    Exercisable

    Exercise Price

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
190
334
    
    
166
999
    

    
429
000
    
    
102
084
    

    
20
000
    
    
    
    

    
639
334
    
    
269
083
    




    
    
    


During
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 there were no warrants granted. During the year ended December 31
 2013 there were
215
290 warrants exercised at prices between $2.10 per share and $2.77 per share (an average price of $2.45)
 resulting in proceeds
to the Company of $373
000 and 188
635 shares of common stock issued.

The
following table summarizes warrant activity for the two years ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
Exercise
                                         Price
Terms
                                         (Years)
    


 2011
2
006
870
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(574
622
    
    
    

    
(1
114
995
    
    
    


 2012
317
253
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(215
290
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2013
101
963
    
    
579
000


 2013
101
963
    
    
579
000


As
of December 31
 2013
 the aggregate intrinsic value of $579
000 was calculated as the difference between the market price and
the exercise price of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 which was $7.98 as of December 31
 2013.

The
fair value of each warrant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility
is based on the historical volatility of the Company. For purposes of determining the expected life of the warrant
 the full contract
life of the warrant is used. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the warrants is based on the U. S.
Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.


    
    


The
following table summarizes the outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2013:



    
Exercise
    Price
    

20
803
    
    

64
899
    
    

16
261
    
    

101
963
    
    




    
Income
    Taxes


At
December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable
income. The amounts available were approximately $17.8 million and $16.5 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $13.3
million and $12.5 million for state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward
expires in 2018. Given the Company&rsquo;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than
not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized
a deferred tax asset for this benefit.

Effective
January 1
 2007
 the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected
to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the
taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from
such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. This guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income
taxes
 accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2013
and 2012
 the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and no adjustment was required at adoption.

The
Company&rsquo;s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31
2013 and 2012
 the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally
 tax years 2007
through 2013 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.

Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated
with the use of the carryforwards and will recognize a deferred tax asset at that time.

Significant
components of the Company&rsquo;s deferred income tax assets are as follows as of:



    
December
                                         31
 2013
December
                                         31
 2012

    
    
    

    
6
400
000
6
000
000

    
(6
400
000
(6
000
000

    
    
    


Reconciliation
of the effective income tax rate to the U.S. statutory rate is as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
Commitments
    and Contingencies


Lease
Commitments



under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense under these and other operating leases for the years ended December 31
2013 and 2012 was $196
000 and $237
000
 respectively.


Future
payments under these leases as of December 31
 2013 are as follows:





    

    
186
000

    
92
000

    
95
000

    
89
000

    
462
000


Other
Commitments

The
Company has entered into contracts with customers with clauses that commit the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the
agreement early or without cause. The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&rsquo;s products
to a defined type of retailer within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically
renew the agreements without cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has no
plans to terminate or not renew any agreement with any of their customers; therefore
 no such fees have been accrued in the accompanying
financial statements.



    
Legal
    Proceedings


From
time to time
 we are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates
our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation
if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.

From
August 3
 2005 through April 7
 2006
 we issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering.
These securities represented all of the shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006.
These shares issued in connection with the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either federal or state
securities laws
 or both
 and may be subject to rescission.

On
August 12
 2006
 we made a rescission offer to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
pursuant to which we offered to repurchase these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission
offer on September 18
 2006
 the rescission offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate
of $119
000
 including statutory interest. The shares that were tendered for rescission were purchased by third parties and not
from our funds.

Federal
securities laws do not provide that a rescission offer will terminate a purchaser&rsquo;s right to rescind a sale of stock that
was not registered as required or was not otherwise exempt from such registration requirements. With respect to the offerees who
rejected the rescission offer
 we may continue to be liable under Federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal
to the value of all shares of common stock issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we
may be required to pay. If it is determined that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state
law
 or securing an exemption from registration
 regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these
laws. However
 we believe the rescission offer provides us with additional meritorious defenses against any future claims relating
to these shares.

Except
as set forth above
 we believe that there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such
litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings
will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity
 or results of operations.


    
    




    
Related
    Party Activity


During
the year ended December 31
 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally.
The agreement is between the Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of
the Company. The agreement remains in effect until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined
sales of the previous month. During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company paid commissions of $1
000
 and during
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company paid commissions of $15
000.



    
Subsequent
    Events



Company employees exercised options to purchase 173
700 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on a cash-less basis at prices
between $1.14 and $4.00 per share.&nbsp; The Company issued 115
120 shares of common stock for such cash-less exercises of options.


 2014 and February
4
 2014
 respectively
 the Company&rsquo;s former CFO and former COO resigned from the Company. At the time of their separation
from the Company
 the former officers held unvested options issued in 2013 to purchase an aggregate of 37
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock which were due to vest through March 2016. The Company agreed to accelerate vesting of these options so they were
100% vested as of February 17
 2014. Employee stock options which are subject to accelerated vesting at termination are treated
as a modification. As such
 the Company will recognize an expense related to the accelerated vesting in the amount of $151
000
during the first quarter of 2014
 which is the fair value of the options determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.75%; dividend yield of 0%; volatility of 59%; and an expected life
of 3 years.


On
February 17
 2014
 the Company granted options to employees to purchase 165
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock with
an exercise price of $7.07 per share. The fair value of the options on the date granted was determined to be approximately $466
000
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.75%; dividend yield
of 0%; volatility of 59%; and an expected life of 3 years
 and will be amortized ratably over the vesting period of 3 years.



    
    


Item
9.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial
Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded
that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2013.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2013 that have
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013. In making this assessment
 we used the

Integrated Framework
 as of December 31
 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting was effective.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm
 pursuant to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item
9B. Other Information




    
    



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers

 Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act



Our
directors currently have terms which will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualify
 subject to their death
 resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Our board
members are encouraged to attend meetings of the board of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders. The board of directors
held nine meetings in 2013. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current directors and executive
officers:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
    
    

David
    J. Williams
    
Interim
    Chief Financial Officer
    
    

Judy
    Holloway Reed
    
Secretary
    and Director
    
    

Mark
    Harris
    
    
    
    

Daniel
    S.J. Muffoletto
    
    
    
    

Michael
    Fischman
    
    
    
    


Business
Experience of Directors and Executive Officers

Christopher
 founded our company in 1987. Mr. Reed has served as our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer since
our incorporation in 1991. Mr. Reed also served as Chief Financial Officer during fiscal year 2007 until October 1
 2007 and again
from April 17
 2008 to January 19
 2010. Mr. Reed has been responsible for our design and products
 including the original product
recipes
 the proprietary brewing process and the packaging and marketing strategies. Mr. Reed received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering
in 1980 from Rennselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy
 New York.

David
 was appointed to serve as its Interim Chief Financial Officer on February 7
 2014. Mr. Williams is a Certified
Public Accountant
 Certified Management Accountant and holds a Juris Doctor. Mr. Williams has extensive experience as a chief
financial officer
 controller
 and auditor
 providing expertise to public
 private and non-profit companies and has worked most
recently through ValueDriven CFO since October 2010. Mr. Williams served as Chief Financial Officer and Legal Mediator to National
Promotions and Advertising
 Inc.
 a provider of advertising and printing services
 from 2008 to 2010. From 2006 to 2008 he served
as Chief Financial Officer and In-House Counsel of Fluid Media Networks
 Inc. (currently Mood Media Corporation
 (TSX: MM) (LSE
AIM: MM))
 an e-commerce start-up. From 2000 to 2005 he served as Chief Financial Officer and In-House Counsel to Professionals
Online Network
 Inc.
 a private company developing online career services. From 1997 to 2000 he served as Chief Financial Officer
to Networks Telephony Corporation
 a developer of business class VoIP. Mr. Williams received a bachelor degree from Northern Illinois
University in 1984 and a Juris Doctor from Southwestern School of Law in 1997.

Judy
 has been with us since 1992 and
 as we have grown
 has run the accounting
 purchasing and shipping and receiving
departments at various times since the 1990s. Ms. Reed has been one of our directors since June 2004
 and our Secretary since
October 1996. In the 1980s
 Ms. Reed managed media tracking for a Los Angeles Infomercial Media Buying Group and was an account
manager with a Beverly Hills
 California stock portfolio management company. She earned a Business Degree from MIU in 1981. Ms.
Reed is the wife of Christopher J. Reed
 our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer.

Mark
 has been a member of our board of directors since April 2005. Mr. Harris is an independent venture capitalist and
has been retired from the work force since 2002. In late 2003
 Mr. Harris joined a group of Amgen colleagues in funding NeoStem
Inc.
 a company involved in stem-cell storage
 archiving
 and research to which he is a founding investor. From 1991 to 2002
Mr. Harris worked at Amgen
 Inc. (Nasdaq: AMGN)
 a preeminent biotech company
 managing much of Amgen&rsquo;s media production
for internal use and public relations. Mr. Harris spent the decade prior working in the aerospace industry at Northrop with similar
responsibilities.

Daniel
S.J. Muffoletto
 has been a member of our board of directors from April 2005 to December 2006 and from January 2007
to the present. Dr. Muffoletto has practiced as a Naturopathic Physician since 1986. He has served as chief executive officer
of Its Your Earth
 a natural products marketing company since June 2004. From 2003 to 2005
 Dr. Muffoletto worked as Sales and
Marketing Director for Worthington
 Moore &amp; Jacobs
 a Commercial Law League member firm serving FedEx
 UPS
 DHL and Kodak
among others. From 2001 to 2003
 he was the owner-operator of the David St. Michel Art Gallery in Montreal
 Qu&eacute;bec. From
1991 to 2001
 Dr. Muffoletto was the owner/operator of a Naturopathic Apothecary
 Herbal Alter*Natives of Seattle
 Washington
and Ellicott City
 Maryland. The apothecary housed Dr. Muffoletto&rsquo;s Naturopathic practice. Dr. Muffoletto received a Bachelors
of Arts degree in Government and Communications from the University of Baltimore in 1977
 and conducted postgraduate work in the
schools of Public Administration and Publication Design at the University of Baltimore from 1978 to 1979. In 1986
 he received
his Doctorate of Naturopathic Medicine from the Santa Fe Academy of Healing
 Santa Fe
 New Mexico.


    
    


Michael
 has been a member of our board of directors since April 2005. Since 1998
 Mr. Fischman has been President and
chief executive officer of the APEX course
 the corporate training division of the International Association of Human Values.
In addition
 Mr. Fischman is a founding member and the director of training for USA at the Art of Living Foundation
 a global
non-profit educational and humanitarian organization at which he has coordinated over 200 personal development instructors since
1997.

Family
Relationships

Other
than the relationship of Christopher J. Reed
 and Judy Holloway Reed
 Christopher Reed&rsquo;s wife and a board member
 none of
our directors or executive officers are related to one another.

Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to Reed&rsquo;s
have any material interest adverse to Reed&rsquo;s or have
 during the past ten years:


been
                                         convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
                                         traffic violations and other minor offenses);



had
                                         any bankruptcy petition filed by or against him/her or any business of which he/she was
                                         a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
                                         two years prior to that time;



been
                                         subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
                                         of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
                                         suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business
 securities
                                         futures
 commodities or banking activities;



been
                                         found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange
                                         Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or
                                         state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
                                         or vacated;


been
                                         subject to
 or party to
 any judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree 
 or
                                         finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation
                                         of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation
 (ii) any law
                                         or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but
                                         not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
                                         civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition
                                         order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
                                         with any business entity; or been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
                                         not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization
                                         (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered
                                         entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
                                         or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary
                                         authority over its members or persons associated with a member.


Corporate
Governance

We
are committed to having sound corporate governance principles. We believe that such principles are essential to running our business
efficiently and to maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. There have been no changes to the procedures by which stockholders
may recommend nominees to our board of directors.

Director
Qualifications

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values
 consistent with our longstanding
values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed
to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical
wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them
given their individual circumstances
 to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests
of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates
 the board of directors also considers the candidate&rsquo;s
character
 judgment
 diversity
 age and skills
 including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the
needs of the board of directors.

Director
Independence

The
board of directors has determined that three members of our board of directors
 Mr. Harris
 Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman
 are
independent under the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. We intend to maintain at least three independent directors
on our board of directors in the future.


    
    


Code
of Ethics

Our
Chief Executive Officer and all senior financial officers
 including the Chief Financial Officer
 are bound by a Code of Ethics
that complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.reedsinc.com.

Board
Structure and Committee Composition

As
of the date of this Annual Report
 our board of directors has five directors and the following three standing committees: an Audit
Committee
 a Compensation Committee and a Nominations and Governance Committee. These committees were formed in January 2007.

Audit
Committee.
 internal systems of accounting and
financial controls
 relationships with independent auditors and audits of financial statements. Specific responsibilities include
the following:



    
    
selecting
    hiring and terminating our independent auditors;

    
    
    

    
    
evaluating
                                         the qualifications
 independence and performance of our independent auditors;


    
    
    

    
    
approving
                                         the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditors;


    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
                                         the design
 implementation
 adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and critical
                                         accounting policies;


    
    
    

    
    
overseeing
                                         and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal
                                         and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters;


    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
                                         with management and our independent auditors
 any earnings announcements and other public
                                         announcements regarding our results of operations; and


    
    
    

    
    
preparing
                                         the audit committee report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement.



Our
Audit Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto
 Mr. Harris and Mr. Fischman. Dr. Muffoletto serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.
The board of directors has determined that the three members of the Audit Committee are independent under the rules of the SEC
and the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and that Dr. Muffoletto qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial
expert
&rdquo; as defined by the rules of the SEC. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee
meeting applicable standards of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange.

Compensation
Committee.
of our officers
 directors and employees. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
approving
    the compensation and benefits of our executive officers;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    the performance objectives and actual performance of our officers; and

    
    
    

    
    
administering
    our stock option and other equity compensation plans.


Our
Compensation Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto
 Mr. Harris and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined that
all of the members of the Compensation Committee are independent under New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual Section 303A.02.
In affirmatively determining the independence of a director who will serve on the compensation committee
 the Company&rsquo;s
board considered all factors specifically relevant to whether the director has a relationship to the Company which is material
to the director&rsquo;s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a committee member
 including
without limitation: (1) the source of compensation of the director
 including any consulting
 advisory or other compensatory fee
paid by the Company; and (2) whether the director is affiliated with the Company
 or an affiliate of the Company.



    
    


Our
board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee.

Nominations
and Governance Committee.
individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors
 reviewing correspondence from our stockholders
 and establishing
evaluating and overseeing our corporate governance guidelines. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
evaluating
    the composition
 size and governance of our board of directors and its committees and making recommendations regarding future
    planning and the appointment of directors to our committees;

    
    
    

    
    
establishing
    a policy for considering stockholder nominees for election to our board of directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
evaluating
    and recommending candidates for election to our board of directors.


Our
Nominations and Governance Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined that
all of the members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange
Listed Company Manual. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.

To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed&rsquo;s with respect to our most recent
fiscal year or written representations from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the year ended December 31
 2013 our
directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.

Item
11. Executive Compensation

The
following table summarizes all compensation for fiscal years 2013 and 2012 received by our principal executive officer
 former
principal financial officer and former chief operating officer
 who were the only executive officers of the Company in fiscal
year 2013
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;.



Name
    and 
    
    
    
Stock
    Awards
Option
    Awards ($)(1)
Non-
    Equity Incentive Plan Compensation
Non-
    Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings
All
    Other Compensation
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed

    
217
000
29
000
    
    
    
    
5
000(
251
000

Executive Officer
    (Principal Executive Officer)
    
217
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
5
000(
226
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

James
    Linesch

    
175
000
14
000
    
    
    
    
    
189
000

(Principal
    Financial Officer) (3)
    
181
009
29
000
    
    
    
    
    
210
009

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thierry
    Foucaut

    
180
000
14
000
    
    
    
    
    
194
000

    
    
184
154
    
    
    
    
    
    
184
154




(1)
    
The
    amounts represent the fair value for all share-based payment awards
 calculated on the date of grant in accordance with Financial
    Accounting Standards
 excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates. 

    
    

    
Represents
    value of automobile provided to Christopher J. Reed.

    
    

    
James
    Linesch resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer effective January 30
 2014.

    
    

    
Thierry
    Foucaut resigned from his position as Chief Operating Officer effective February 4
 2014.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

There
are no employment agreements with our executive officers. Mr. Reed is currently paid an annual Salary of $217
000; Mr. Linesch
was paid an annual salary of $175
000 through the date of his resignation; and Mr. Foucaut was paid an annual salary of $180
000
through the date of his resignation. Mr. Williams
 as Interim Chief Financial Officer
 is paid consulting fees equivalent to an
annual salary of $180
000. Any bonuses are discretionary.

Outstanding
Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-End

The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive
Officer outstanding as of December 31
 2013.



    
    
Number
    of
Equity
    Incentive
    
    

    
Number
    of
    
Plan
    Awards:
    
    

    
    
    
Number
    of
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Options
    (#)
    
    
    
    

Name
    and Position
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed
 Chief Executive Officer
50
000
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
18
750
    
    
    

James Linesch
    former Chief Financial Officer
6
667
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
18
750
    
    
    

Thierry Foucaut
    former Chief Operating Officer
12
500
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
18
750
    
    
    



Vesting
of Options:



    
vest &frac14;
    per year

    
    


Director
Compensation

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
650
    
    
    
    
1
650

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
946
    
    
    
    
11
946

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Since November
    2007
 Dr. Muffoletto receives $833 per month to serve as the Chairman of the Audit Committee.


Item
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table reflects
 as of March 13
 2014
 the beneficial common stock ownership of: (a) each of our directors
 (b) each
of our current named executive officers
 (c) each person known by us to be a beneficial holder of 5% or more of our common stock
and (d) all of our executive officers and directors as a group.

Except
as otherwise indicated below
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock held by them. Unless otherwise indicated
 the principal address of each listed executive officer and director
is 13000 South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California 90061.


    
    




Named
                                         Beneficial Owner

    Beneficially Owned
    
    of Shares
    Beneficially 
    Owned (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

Christopher
    J. Reed 
2
425
475
    

Judy Holloway
    Reed 
2
425
475
    

Mark Harris
    
9
363
    


 N.D.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
434
838
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Robert Reed
    
800
000
    

    
    
    

*
    Less than 1%.
    
    




    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently
    exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 18
 2014 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership
    of the stockholder holding the options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of
    any other stockholder. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we believe stockholders named in the table
    have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such stockholder&rsquo;s name. Percentage
    of ownership is based on approximately 13
037
952 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 18
 2014.

    
    

    
Christopher
    J. Reed and Judy Holloway Reed are husband and wife. The same number of shares of common stock is shown for each of them
    as they may each be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of such shares. Consists of 2
384
225 shares of common stock
    and options to purchase 41
250 shares of common stock. Does not include options to purchase up to 63
750 shares of common
    stock
 which vest over three years.

    
    

    
The
    address for Mr. Harris is 160 Barranca Road
 Newbury Park
 California 91320.

    
    

    
Robert
    Reed is the trustee of the Reed Family Irrevocable Trust One and the Reed Family Irrevocable Trust Two. Each trust owns 400
000
    shares of common stock. As sole Trustee
 Robert Reed holds voting and dispositive power over all of these shares.


Item
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

Our
board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction
 arrangement or relationship
between Reed&rsquo;s and one of our executive officers
 directors
 director nominees or 5% or greater stockholders (or their immediate
family members)
 each of whom we refer to as a &ldquo;related person
&rdquo; in which such related person has a direct or indirect
material interest.

If
a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction
 arrangement or relationship
 defined as a &ldquo;related party transaction
&rdquo;
the related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the
proposed related party transaction to be reviewed and
 if deemed appropriate
 approved by the Nominations and Governance Committee.
Our Nominations and Governance Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined
that all of the members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange
Listed Company Manual. If practicable
 the reporting
 review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance
review and approval is not practicable
 the Nominations and Governance Committee will review
 and
 in its discretion
 may ratify
the related party transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually at a minimum.
The related party transactions listed below were reviewed by the full board of directors. Prior to August 2005
 we did not have
independent directors on our board to review and approve related party transactions. The Nominations and Governance Committee
shall review future related party transactions.

During
the years December 31
 2013 and 2012
 we have participated in the following transactions in which a related person had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest:

Judy
Holloway Reed
 our Secretary and director
 is Christopher J. Reed&rsquo;s spouse.


    
    


During
the year ended December 31
 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally.
The agreement is between the Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of
the Company. The agreement remains in effect until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined
sales of the previous month. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $15
000
 and during
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $66
000.

Item
14.

Weinberg
&amp; Company
 P.A. (&ldquo;Weinberg&rdquo;) was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012.

The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Weinberg for the years ended
December 31
 2013 and 2012.



    
    
2012
    

    
    
    

    
87
000
57
000

    
    
    

    
9
000
5
000

    
    
    

    
96
000
62
000


As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees

Services
provided to us by Weinberg with respect to such periods consisted of the audits of our financial statements and limited reviews
of the financial statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Weinberg also provided services with respect to the filing
of our registration statements in 2013 and 2012.

Audit
Related Fees

Weinberg
did not provide any professional services to us with which would relate to &ldquo;audit related fees.&rdquo;

Tax
Fees

Weinberg
prepared our 2013 and 2012 Federal and state income taxes.

All
Other Fees

Weinberg
did not provide any professional services to us with which would relate to &ldquo;other fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The Commission&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.

Consistent
with the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 the Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services
and permitted non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to us or any of our subsidiaries.
The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does
 the decisions of that
member must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Accordingly
 100% of audit services and non-audit
services described in this Item 14 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)
1. Financial Statements

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

2.
Financial Statement Schedules

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3.
Exhibits

See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Exhibits

See
Item 15(a) (3) above.

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules

See
Item 15(a) (2) above.


    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



Date:
    March 25
 2014
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.
    

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Christopher J. Reed 

    
    
Christopher
                                         J. Reed
Chief
        Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    CHRISTOPHER J. REED
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
    
March
    25
 2014

Christopher
    J. Reed
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    DAVID J. WILLIAMS
    
Interim
    Chief Financial Officer
    
March
    25
 2014

David
    J. Williams
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer) 
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    JUDY HOLLOWAY REED
    
    
    
March
    25
 2014

Judy
    Holloway Reed
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    MARK HARRIS
    
    
    
March
    25
 2014

Mark
    Harris
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    DANIEL S.J. MUFFOLETTO
    
    
    
March
    25
 2014

Daniel
    S.J. Muffoletto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
                                         MICHAEL FISCHMAN

    
    
    
March
    25
 2014

Michael
    Fischman
    
    
    
    



    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX



    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 7
 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
    Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 27
 2004 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed December 18
 2007 (Incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156908))

    
Certificate
    of Designations
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed October 12
 2004 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
        
        
Certificate
                                         of Correction to Certificate of Designations as filed November 10
 2004 (Incorporated
                                         by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form
                                         SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))
Amended
        Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 filed December 4
 2009 (filed herewith)

    
Bylaws
    of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.
 as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on
    Form 8-K filed December 19
 2012)

    
Form
    of common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Form
    of Series A preferred stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration
    Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
    

    
Waiver
    to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 5
 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156908))

    
2001
    Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2
    (File No. 333-120451)

    
Reed&rsquo;s
    Inc. Master Brokerage Agreement between Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. and Reed&rsquo;s Brokerage
 Inc. dated May 1
 2008 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156908))

    
2007
                                         Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s
                                         Form 10K filed March 27
 2009)

    
2009
                                         Consultant Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s
                                         Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 

    
2010
    Incentive Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form
    S-8 (File No. 

    
2010-2
    Incentive Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form
    S-8 (File No.

    
Loan
    and Security Agreement between PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC and Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. dated November 8
 2011 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Form 10Q as filed November 14
 2011)

    
Code
    of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File
    No. 

    
Subsidiaries
    of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 filed herewith.

    
Consent
    of Weinberg &amp; Co.
 P.A.
 filed herewith. 

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
Certification
                                         of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
                                         Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    

    
    

    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
    Linkbase Document

    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
    Linkbase Document

    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
    Document

    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
    Linkbase Document




    
Indicates
    a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.



In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.

Furnished
herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.


    
    














     






REED&rsquo;S
 INC.






    
    















     






CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


reference in the previously filed Registration Statement of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. on Form S-8 (SEC File Number 333-178623) which
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20
 2011
 of our report dated March 25
 2014
 relating to the
financial statements of Reeds
 Inc
 appearing in the annual report on Form 10-K of Reeds
 Inc
 for the years ended December 31
2013 and 2012.



/s/
    Weinberg &amp; Company
 P.A.
    

WEINBERG
    &amp; COMPANY
 P.A.
    

    
    

Los Angeles
    California
    

March 25
 2014
    




    
    














     




EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


 Christopher J. Reed
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;




    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and




    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.





Date:
    March 25
 2014
/s/
    Christopher J. Reed

    
Christopher
    J. Reed

    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)





    
    














     




EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 David J. Williams
certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;




    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and




    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 25
 2014
/s/
    David J. Williams

    
    

    
Interim Chief
    Financial Officer

    
(Principal
    Financial Officer)




    
    














     




EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended
December 31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Christopher
J. Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    
    

Date: March
    25
 2014
    
/s/
    Christopher J. Reed

    
    
Christopher
    J. Reed

    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



    
    














     







CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended
December 31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 James Linesch
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.




    
REED&rsquo;S
    INC.

    
    
    

Date: March
    25
 2014
    
/s/
    David J. Williams

    
    
David J. Williams
    

    
    
Interim Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer)





    
    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      




          


          






          


          



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage&#13;Corporation to Reed&amp;#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily&#13;in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.&#13;We currently manufacture


 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas





 supermarket chains

 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives&#13;of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2013 and&#13;2012
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $324
000 and $399
000


 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the&#13;asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

 but are assessed for impairment&#13;annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
&#13;we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset&#13;is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with&#13;its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted&#13;cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

000 at December 31
 2013. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances&#13;in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2013
&#13;the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 32% and 10% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2012
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
 respectively. No other&#13;customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2013 the Company had accounts receivable due from&#13;two customers who comprised $571
000 (23%) and $424
000 (17%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2012 the&#13;Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 respectively

 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process

 2013 and 2012
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 29% and 24%
 respectively of all&#13;purchases. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had&#13;accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 21% and 27% of its total accounts payable
&#13;respectively. No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2013 and December&#13;31

 other than the&#13;quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables


 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;and inventory write-off. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis

 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs

 deferred taxes&#13;are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial&#13;reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it&#13;is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits

 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2013 and 2012 approximated $3
804
000 and $2
345
000


 2013&#13;and 2012


963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;317

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41


334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;607

941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
285

000 and $111
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn&#13;the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period&#13;on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.&#13;Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-04. This update clarifies how entities measure obligations&#13;resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting&#13;date. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07&#13;to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
 the update provides guidance for&#13;recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements prepared using the liquidation&#13;basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements under the liquidation basis&#13;of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2013

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11&#13;which provides guidance relating to the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The update provides that&#13;a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit would be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating&#13;loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward
 if such settlement is required or expected in the event the&#13;uncertain tax position is disallowed. This update does not require any new recurring disclosures and is effective for public entities&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants


 first-out)&#13;or market

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

118

524

175
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
270

293

794


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

108

108

829
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
737

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320

763
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
174

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;434
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
482
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
773

796

351

686

422

 2013&#13;and 2012 was $445
000 and $612
000

 2013 and 2012 includes equipment held under capital leases of $415
000 and $309
000
 respectively (see Note 8). Accumulated&#13;depreciation on equipment held under leases was $231
000 and $149
000 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012






029

 China Cola
 and Sonoma&#13;Sparkler brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment annually. For the&#13;years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31







 2013 and 2012 was approximately $55
000 and $75






 2011
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (PMC) which provides&#13;a $4
500
000 revolving line of credit and a $750
000 term loan (see Note 7). On September 20
 2013
 the line of credit was increased&#13;to $4
800
000 effective September 1
 2013 to May 31
 2014
 after which it will be $4
500
000. At December 31
 2013 and December&#13;31
 2012
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $4
524
000 and $3
023
000 respectively. The line of credit&#13;is based on 85% of eligible accounts receivable and 50% of eligible inventory
 expires on November 7
 2014
 and is secured by&#13;substantially all of the Company&amp;#146;s assets. The interest rate is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31
 2013). There&#13;is an early termination fee of 1% of the maximum revolver amount during 2014. Also on September 20
 2013
 the Company was granted&#13;an over-advance on its revolving line of credit calculation of $500
000 effective September 1
 2013 to May 31
 2014
 after which&#13;it will be $200

000 and a financial covenant that the Company will not make capital&#13;expenditures in excess of $500
000 in any fiscal year. At December 31
 2013
 the credit availability under the revolving line&#13;of credit was below $100
000
 and during 2013 the Company expended more than $500
000 for capital expenditures. Accordingly at&#13;December 31
 2013
 the Company was in default under the loan agreement with PMC. The defaults were waived by PMC on March 19
&#13;2014. This revolving line of credit matures on November 8


 LLC (see Note 5)
 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan is for $750
000
&#13;bears interest at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 not to be below 14.85% (14.85% at December 31
 2013)
 is secured by all of the unencumbered&#13;assets of the Company
 and is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal and interest of $21
000. This loan matures on April 20












000 shares $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 there were&#13;9
411 and 10
411 shares outstanding
 respectively

 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board&#13;of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of&#13;our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative&#13;dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions&#13;of dividends on an &amp;#147;as converted&amp;#148; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2013&#13;the Company accrued and paid a $5
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay&#13;through the issuance of 1
064 shares of its common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company accrued and paid&#13;a $16
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 4

 dissolution&#13;or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more&#13;senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any of&#13;our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall be distributed&#13;pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any&#13;portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
 which was&#13;$10.00

 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four shares&#13;of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification&#13;and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock a sufficient number&#13;of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During 2013
 1
000 shares of Series&#13;A preferred stock were converted into 4
000 shares of common stock and during 2012
 36
210 shares of Series A preferred stock were&#13;converted into 144

 the holders&#13;of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.&#13;However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining the approval&#13;of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a preference&#13;over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting

000 shares&amp;#160;$10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. On February 5
 2012
 the Company completed&#13;a standby offering of 12
780 shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 for gross proceeds of $127
800.&#13;In connection with the offering
 the Company also issued warrants to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock at $1.79 per share for&#13;five years. The Company paid legal and broker fees of approximately $11
000 in connection with the offering
 resulting in net proceeds&#13;to the Company of $117

 2013 there were no shares&#13;of Series B Preferred stock outstanding. At December 31
 2012 there were 45

&#13;in the sole and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We&#13;cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred&#13;stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 $29
000&#13;in dividends were accrued and $38
000 of dividends were paid by the issuance of 27
313 shares of common stock. During the year&#13;ended December 31
 2013
 the balance of 45
602 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to 319
214 shares&#13;of common stock and accrued dividends of $74
000 were paid by issuing 47

 19
500
000 shares authorized
 12
922
832 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and 12
084
673 shares issued&#13;and outstanding as of December 31

&#13;2013
 the Company issued 1
250 shares of common stock for services at $4.00 per share with a value of $5
000. During the year&#13;ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 14
965 shares of common stock for services rendered at prices ranging from $1.13 to&#13;$2.17 per share with a value of $23


 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#13;had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts available were approximately&#13;$17.8 million and $16.5 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $13.3 million and $12.5million for state purposes respectively.&#13;The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires in 2018. Given the Company&amp;#146;s history of net operating&#13;losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit&#13;of the carryforwards. Accordingly

 2007
 the Company&#13;adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return&#13;should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position&#13;only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the&#13;technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured&#13;based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This&#13;guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim&#13;periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not&#13;have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits

 2013 and 2012
 the Company has not&#13;accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

400

000

400

000




 2013 and&#13;2012 was $196
000 and $237
000








 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew&#13;any agreement with any of their customers; therefore



 2005 through April 7
&#13;2006
 we issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering. These securities represented&#13;all of the shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006. These shares issued in connection&#13;with the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either federal or state securities laws
 or both

 2006
 we made a rescission&#13;offer to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
 pursuant to which we offered to repurchase&#13;these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission offer on September 18
 2006
 the rescission&#13;offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate of $119
000

&#13;we may continue to be liable under Federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal to the value of all shares of common&#13;stock issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we may be required to pay. If it is determined&#13;that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state law
 or securing an exemption from registration
&#13;regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these laws. However

 we believe&#13;that there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims&#13;cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material&#13;adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity


&#13;2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between the&#13;Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement remains&#13;in effect until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During&#13;the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company paid commissions of $1
000
 and during the year ended December 31
 2012
&#13;the Company paid commissions of $15


&#13;Company employees exercised options to purchase 173
700 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on a cashless basis at&#13;prices between $1.14 and $4.00 per share. The Company issued 115

 2014 and February&#13;4
 2014
 respectively
 the Company&amp;#146;s former CFO and former COO resigned from the Company. At the time of their&#13;separation from the Company
 the former officers held unvested options issued in 2013 to purchase an aggregate of 37
500&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock which were due to vest through March 2016. The Company agreed to accelerate vesting&#13;of these options so they were 100% vested as of February 17
 2014. Employee stock options which are subject to accelerated&#13;vesting at termination are treated as a modification. As such
 the Company will recognize an expense related to the&#13;accelerated vesting in the amount of $151
000 during the first quarter of 2014

 2014
 the&#13;Company granted options to employees to purchase 165
500 shares of the company&amp;#146;s common stock with an exercise price of&#13;$7.07 per share. The fair value of the options on the date granted was determined to be approximately $466

    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable&#13;lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles


 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces&#13;the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer&#13;identification of potential bad debts

 2013&#13;and 2012
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $324
000 and $399
000



 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of&#13;the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss&#13;is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 but are assessed&#13;for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our&#13;impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived&#13;intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible&#13;asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined&#13;by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December&#13;31
 2013 and 2012


000 at December 31
 2013. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances&#13;in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2013
&#13;the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 32% and 10% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2012
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
 respectively. No other&#13;customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2013 the Company had accounts receivable due from&#13;two customers who comprised $571
000 (23%) and $424
000 (17%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2012 the&#13;Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 respectively

 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process

 2013 and 2012
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 29% and 24%
 respectively of all&#13;purchases. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had&#13;accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 21% and 27% of its total accounts payable
&#13;respectively. No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2013 and December&#13;31


 other than the&#13;quoted prices in active markets

 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable&#13;and other payables



 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess&#13;of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
&#13;and inventory write-off. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis


 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs


 deferred taxes&#13;are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial&#13;reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if&#13;it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits


 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December&#13;31
 2013 and 2012 approximated $3
804
000 and $2
345
000



 2013 and 2012


963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;317

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41


334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;607

941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
285


000 and $111
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn&#13;the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period&#13;on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee

 which uses certain assumptions&#13;related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.&#13;Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model


 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-04. This update clarifies how entities measure obligations&#13;resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting&#13;date. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07&#13;to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
 the update provides guidance for&#13;recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements prepared using the liquidation&#13;basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements under the liquidation basis&#13;of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2013

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11&#13;which provides guidance relating to the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The update provides that&#13;a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit would be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating&#13;loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward
 if such settlement is required or expected in the event the&#13;uncertain tax position is disallowed. This update does not require any new recurring disclosures and is effective for public entities&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013

 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    

 first-out)&#13;or market

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

118

524

175
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
270

293

794

    

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

























 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
172




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;607




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;639

070
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;269

637










334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;269



 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
006


114

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;317


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;101

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;101









 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

400

000

400

000












    

 the Company adopted the Original&#13;Beverage Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and
 in 2007
 the Company adopted the Reed&amp;#146;s Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan (the&#13;&amp;#147;Plans&amp;#148;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Compensation Committee. Individuals&#13;eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options&#13;shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number&#13;of options authorized is 500
000 and 1
500
000

&#13;2013 and 2012
 the Company granted 414
000 and 10
000 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a&#13;weighted price exercise of $3.99 and $1.85
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The aggregate value of the options vesting
&#13;net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $327
000 and $107
000
 respectively
 and has been reflected&#13;as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2013
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $532
000
 which will be amortized as&#13;compensation cost as the options vest

 2012
 the Company repriced&#13;20
000 employee options to an exercise price of $1.83
 which were previously $2.43 per share and $2.06 per share. The total increase&#13;in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was $3
000. On December 23
 2012
 the Company repriced 20
000 employee&#13;options to an exercise price of $1.14
 which were previously $2.06 per share; and extended the termination date of 420
000 employee&#13;options until December 22
 2016. Such options previously were to expire on dates that were between 8 months and 48 months from&#13;the extension date. The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing and extensions
 was $53
000;&#13;of which $48
000 was recognized in the year ended December 31
 2012 and $5
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013. During the&#13;year ended December 31
 2013 there were 348
332 options exercised at an average price of $1.14. Most of such exercises were cash-less
&#13;however
 the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000. During the year ended December 31
 2012 there&#13;were 408
334 stock options exercised at a price of $1.05 per share. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 however
 the Company&#13;did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30

 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated&#13;on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For purposes&#13;of determining the expected life of the option



 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
172




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;607




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;639

070
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;269

637

 2013
 the aggregate intrinsic values of&#13;$3
070
000 and $1
637
000 were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;stock
 which was $7.98 as of December 31


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;370









334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;269

&#13;2013 and 2012 there were no warrants granted. During the year ended December 31
 2013 there were 215
290 warrants exercised at&#13;prices between $2.10 per share and $2.77 per share (an average price of $2.45)
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $373
000&#13;and 188


 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
006


114

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;317


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;101

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;101


 2013
 the aggregate&#13;intrinsic value of $579
000 was calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;stock
 which was $7.98 as of December 31







    
    
    

    


963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;317

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41


334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;607

941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
285

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;370

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage&#13;Corporation to Reed&amp;#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily&#13;in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.&#13;We currently manufacture


 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas





 supermarket chains


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

108

108

829
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
737

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320

763
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
174

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;434
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
482
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
773

796

351

686

422

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





029

    

    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


784

874



258
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
298



147

208

 2009
 the Company closed&#13;escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement for&#13;the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery&#13;equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an&#13;agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing&#13;involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.&#13;The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.&#13;Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at&#13;an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation is personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000 by the principal shareholder&#13;and Chief Executive Officer

&#13;the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $1.20 per share for five years. The 400
000&#13;warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The following&#13;assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to $2.25; term of 5 years; volatility of 91.36%&#13;to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000 warrants were recorded as valuation discount&#13;and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization of valuation discount was $50
000 during both&#13;of the years ended December 31

 2013 and 2012 was $2
784
000 and $2
874
000






966

784



784

874



258
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
298



147

208

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 under 12 non-cancelable capital leases. Most of the leases are personally&#13;guaranteed by the Company&amp;#146;s chief executive officer. Monthly payments range from $189 to $1
680 per month
 including interest
&#13;at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.32% per annum. At December 31
 2013
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated&#13;$10












    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 not to&#13;be below 14.85%
 (14.5% at December 31







966

784



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 resulting in proceeds to the Company&#13;of $373
000 and 188

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 2013 to May 31



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $324
000 and $399
000



      


      


      



 net of accumulated depreciation of $2
796
000 and $2
351
000



      



 net of amortization of $40
000 and $26
000



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 less current portion
 net of discount of $526
000 and $576
000











      


      


      


      



 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 12
992
832 and 12
084
673 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      














      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      






      






      


      


      














      










      






      














      





      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 plant and equipment



      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      








      









      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      




















      



 Outstanding















 Outstanding





















      



 Shares Outstanding














 Shares Outstanding




 Nonvested Shares Outstanding














 Nonvested Shares Outstanding



      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      





      



 Outstanding















 Outstanding






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      













      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      













      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      





 Plant and Equipment



 Plant
 and Equipment
 Owned





      





 Maturities



 Maturities


      


 Maturities



 Future Minimum Payments Due


















 Future Minimum Payments


      


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Nonvested



 Options
 Nonvested



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      

      

      

      

      

      

      








 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and option holders generally do not receive dividends.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!O4(MF1@(``-HG```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M

C]]


)Y&'P9.K0$

OZ_J?9
M.21(#@62HP#)H4%RE`YWH/DN`+)\0$DAYBC!$$15:0*E!,%2BHA15!0JK


$%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&
MOQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````O)K-;MI`%(7WE?H.UNR+N?-'
M4L5D$U7*MDT?P#(#1@';\DS:\O8=T=8E4G/*PCH;)-MBN/)\]WS7P-W]C^.A

MI_RFV.Z'6.15NEBI-J7A8UG&I@W'.B[Z(73YRK8?CW7*A^.N'.KFN=Z%4B^7




%WP3MV^C;)=HLZQCE^-0

]S&1A&TNPL=B*$*@(S5:$

MMB0\E

M;'MJ:$_#1L=`=BS;GA;:T['MZ:`]9=8$O&*V$&A/P\Y``T/0LNUIH3T=VYX.
I3V/H4K$_V7AFX68;-L<$1R



)M%





ML

[)R(SOH/:;:4R(W3)ODI%S-&X8=\?YFU

9WV+MO)&XKCLE=(BF^@]KA
37[H5*AV17?2L



9J+1R@



!WF.7)Z'KR^=
MQ'/CY'J



M?S



H2
M]#OG9SGZ;


M%YN(N@`?DS99KQIQ-F#6P)BR3G`.LB4X7R(CCB'66Z%C&CR@ZQ=,=HI!0
MGY=UR%;VZ0T[26;:XFFV%X46`F@&Q`A\#'BQTF_D*`82;`(B+:A%^`]H+DJ





@]T]/6J36X2(/K-7WB?<8CTW3396X
M;C26J'BX!T^N*J
_5T/MK9



MM8XQD9-V?:766F/8

$D096
W/\]VE-H'0/H&-RR9L#W_*BD$8J3GC&=R$#P]OA
PF^MX<OX%I0)P?^=](<\DH:!=^#I6

M76_:




:M*]87L&;Q(?=(*/T<\OW8



MDO$&2_CD6U]TG.!=VIJ/PRU&\P;5W#


(%\B'@)(S'0Z\
)M66Q2@)@F`
6!\#

M61E
8CR+XC09QM4)7YOV*Y2EMRA38$M9;&?38



M:&5E='

2YX;6R4ELENVS`0AN\%^@X[]%JR0LL![&#M`5:HBZ

?%LEUBL
M2D3*JT-
_OQ^N%D02VE:I;00%8O)*U/D=O/YT_HHY*/*&=



M;\+E;.T\0PF35K
VY]ZBYI9
M1Q/U%;MKBAX;3#2=S8ACXC<E\UUO6#,,1TW8<\UK0(6R]P]*I!
IS+B#E78
MGW2+X3FN\WP
A7%X/Q7\7

MN`
OL&'.V]$K[#AEMWGVTY^%,TEG#4M5MM=`$.;5Q['4`PN%M`0_3

X$T*_
M/9C;R.F6N/D/``#__P




M?PSD]^6FKIKJI9TPN:DHZ+#.SM29




.R[U!92!66[ZDHYMU%L:7(LB^R
*WEZIX*L='1M8IS4;F_50QF
MIFA;[JIL%^?N&AEGB]@O%YF592WLU1*:-!6&=_W'S]O\Z:&N/D9L4#*UYICS

M0R6\$\$[*)?U:4)`$T*:$(D$T3.Y1GQ*Z!5M
5
S3DXJ%X84+3T1IZ)EO80I

M)/1=
&:DXP4W







M&S\=_X)MXE#=/V[9=-/F&@+2V@817ZI\LHCA/$*
1!B)
9)@)
5(ID54[_AA
MNN\=F!_%V5OUC!R`74-`6L\@XDN5TUC,V@/)_;)CV=A2JP6`W'&BQ$C*N2


M(48BC


!)B)
)(+!%1H;FU)!5.L$2*D4R+J.;Q\WG?/##FQ'&^;YI-
MPX*NH3OSRS$'$1^K!!@)

M1R-70B?;EE=\$S):WR`2R'PT*B%&(HS$&$DPDF(DTR*J;VR^4R;)VU8XD[]&

MH*YU9+UV31B9\##B8R3`2(B1
Q1A*)R$V
X9@&Z=4I%LFTB.H?&QR*?V#:

M/3%H\
L4D-Q#!U_(E.&!Y[Y\KK4



!)C)
%(
MBI%
BZC6T?#)C5O+*V$4DWXER!207
=

1(A)$8

+O5]7B5IWXHZV.W=6IYZIEM^&Z



]J^575Q



&+F?B*X-#


(
MJ^MQA?B0KE!K/B+&I-!*2(HC;XWZZ:I68A)%Q`N`YC**5=ISA_FCJ_G1]-
MPQ$Q)G560A(Q;?(7^K!Y:HTDIA!










C

J_\\1V
5(QAM!)S&*X4
MNM.=J%B!IL$8BKQ%
2$Z3Y8@L#O8QX!!E%
M6A%ICY(8$:X2+46G6-Z94C(B;#D%6L6.\#QI


M-7=C6:M]5Q
*;4I%GM6RQ'9$VI'$B'5:!$Z6;6H)$/!LAGJAMR[NH[.AG!;
M..14[8A4R-QMOC[1VDB,`9A`_[Q?H$-S4ON--3W%069IJL=D78D

&
MQQ_X2L?3MNQ(04:5%

MJP!?Q6]6M\OJ10I/+)_@^`




!2&[R?M/R#?EZ\$
MFD8A59.J6Z55FJ9]7#M@PK&R'::]M_O'!PHD#5K;Q*,7[]^SCG.


RI&XI',%B
T8V@_Q8CC[6MT*%

ZCN8K[PERFAXUFU--




M\3O%]I+W-H1HWE$+_J85@WE-D^R2.$GUPWZX8DH.$+$5G;#//A0CR9:?=KW2



3`Q@_(N-W/P

U+QAJV(WT-7(/9\K.YB6E1`

0
Z0R4ZUGQOW!O`
MM%DG!!3(LFL

M+*%/B0S!9&

MF6*:0P+PU`HBG0$%0:_U[XDD(O/U^7+FK
RY!7!MC[EX)))2U^(C%[3XJT#6



R888ZP^(FP0





M*%PX*G3`WQ$[D))K.4Y!HCE;P99DZLJB!H)6]8F]IP*N&O7?#&Z6&





MXX$F[Q4'9+YG.S$!4Y]MFECJ%A.??+A)`D2=YF0EB7
YUXP
QZRY!H6)X$

M.3UBAN7`3%
8MV?R=!-^\/Z\W[U.[)BOW3M*CM^;H-DGF[L2]Z$==._L(V0G








F&1*W8V+RBH3@[V@2

6
M]LU-CKK.G&/Z0V=#XO84
?`&(N=[L[#OS0_.
3
WY[-LG)L#X'E



QQTRE-
MURWT_9*,*3MX^\&%O11,*Z-J&X$=:7/=^0&P).BWDEH`,7.]*\+O%=,EOE
MFSF/I]?@N_
R3

RN058*_7DI(^5^PN*R47U@U^`;QI5



D+_[O

MY!DB9'O-\E*3#A6K2T7V)B'`=X2$UL\A

FO&)


M)^T_6+XOYB.0-@JIFE3=)FW2-.WCVC$F6
48V4[3_OL=V_DB:;OLAD#.ZY?G
MO



*E7A'3:TXKOTBV)(WC


M:D]7_!O5*]$9U/(:\HVC
;2FPXLH7%C5^R=RJ2R\0/QI`]\+#H]K'(&X5LKN
M+MRK;O\%FOT%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!@VH&+]`4``+X?```9````








?8/!/=8Z8\

@[

M+8QGAS&L:=:

X)^!\QCGQ






*16(KPYD#H'C&'5A.W(3&U-QC$(G_O.+MI




$0``


M$D*(DAP5NMT]TJZT6NW'-2%.@@HXPK1I__V./0[!AN1`+M(`KX=G/O`P77_[


M4^ZP
ZW@RH'59=K`87UT^;FFZ5XN*@O7




\@HF#&\0-A*6
%`






@<<W.+4Z)N=F^)PWWXH43G`S,3XB?49O6978.@#<Z
MWS&*
U&7A_%U-J-+/-Y/Q&M9CZT7.Q1=GUDG(K
@ZGR
O3%11L?`3NH79*!A

&=U$;(0!^9]_+^J$^HNGPDT7

M]OA0=*U+WZB-1!D9$[Q)K80


9*-'QS+
6'$JT48;[4MDCQ?OWCEU6Y
MR@RK^7ZC1#@%D*$^J!3#GB`F#J\XVY6T/M*$%@6W
O8N!E
&ULE)5=
M;YLP%(;O)^T_6+XO7PD0HIJ2=6MTB9-TSZN'3#!*F!D.TW[[W=LDS:&;DMO


Q47+5$P%'M?]H*2

MPZ&_*GC;@\2.-4P]&U&


V`0


$E
MN]R;AEUO\6*4RL8RUEL4P?PD-Y?('
+QEKS'FX9=;U$VOF^6&7(+PW#JS2$R


Z$(;O5SK_`7%?P'R&*
FJ4/7L2KO2

ET2KDSJE\OY(67E&4+L\R)OWMN@



I)TF

2
MX9;[837U1.(FJ)L)@.]Y

&3]W2XBW.A@PF.-[@?SD



.R[%CA=%
MO:.!LJ1B






\\$G
1JP
AV.MU_
M/U44$#!]2?*0!'Q\?.I4V:[5_6N16R]

A49+P]K^___GN[F
MMJ5T4F9)+DJVMM^8LN\W?_ZQ.@OYK(Z
:0L82K6VCUI72]=5Z9$5B7)$Q4H8

@M$E[:Q+4UW(_9ZG[%&DIX*5FD@DRQ
-


^_I8[B_)?DV=^\9.`VY`DSL!/B&:'?,WP%D]W1[*<Z`_](*V/[Y)3K?\7Y
M&^.'HX9T3R$B#&R9O3TRE8*C0.,$4V1*10XX-LJ.)8&.)*\UK]GGNGCV@XC

M;+)R7\#3M


/P97P@++I%&()-8;/ANEOD+[P(.=:A8](:XP;7:+
^<0^3RO.,F4N#`D$H8DAC-O[%X?8-3D
M(+&+L<*O-RY.,A3.+X5#IPMA%O6F\)S(V#,Q#5]AH0];]'8/ZUFF1*/M@V(


ELG*V!TK/F<'1+*FEH@<MJKHMV0D-K5#]]PBM+X.[W',`O!=
MMP^X0-=
;WX#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!N70(]:@0``/`1```9````



M
Z6M`Q%JOG7/;7M9^S[/S[3*N



MHCP'12&


M1`^&:X@L*@

M3-@A?
BF2PG2&*9T7^0;LP`+9B&Z2.41OQC2D/LTT1P:`=ZZ$+M+/DI675QD
M1LP*RX_2*%IT`*V^A4Y\D_SS.L4B

`&
M=]K'16[$8/$D3H


D-J@1
M
Z3N$1JSN`\



M=O4(TG8\';%6
LOC)%H7/[):78%0_

5JLKD!KP@`2C

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`[


M^%COS.98DVS352H/YL2R9F:9%97.%1;U&`VZW18Y6G^6I*JY2(U.60M]+_9
M%\=F4OS
7)E5K^\'A]R6AY!XKDX%.U')ZIK9;[XOJMHG3T?8-SOMI/E@W;W





MS$=D)F=D9BJ)4$E$2B)6$@DGYMQNPY[.A3]Q6F'9QU\V0@%2[VO6,HJ84OG
M8ML^9V26*HE0241*(N9$'Y^V:T]P?HE4ADAF




4+?B3]=(U-U(I8AH-
NTQQO-\W+1Z
O1USU.^3:')#8%:B14
M(U&/##.*=@'IMXE:/I4BHHDL)Q]O(L_@11



0^']
X

J$^04--TMO*



R[6ZU4:V[^`+]]2696YU.I]%*9;%$



&0$0MZKYY__^KY4_3J


MAG$E)R-QOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`\2@#7I_==V0=A&*F

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*
MQ_;=D#AB[C
]

M68

MC^WPNA[.CALY&2-58





Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

MLTFQO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@
'].E1!

YJT@
M'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5*`FI




MK^XT\WYGCVENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&


25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+





QNQR?3;*1
M.3(G4B7C?+%H-V0X
F6JLH:A^6[R_FSJE



M.U[:`IL#263Q$97BB&[!$!T(?@(@T-6Q63J9KF'V7]FN^QGGX[]OLA(`5M5N





M.98=2EF6?H%_A90FEWY;J9GD6W#T7
WPH0)`*Y9E*595BB%FATC+50`?*E1@

M!`(QQ$#1_#N@&!3-P-0;%$W!%`(W!Y\Q)J@EN!E2$0;`HR0J\CIAP
T89U0#



BXE:Q11


&V6S%M$Z@

RO!0@H:&N8U6([/U294)5BY)U.IF+:H-=G&
MI]/SY.API4:E
55@*3-F-997:LP.(K.MKY%
QOM:7?;G




M?KX
3BI//H
&AV:`+=S_55JJQXXLL?Z.G[-+X[Z)(J0SITY[4L\SQ)I!





+?_B3;X*_A#=_A`37]WVH7VKL5QEFV\(VYZ'[O


N[S`X
!O]YF%^%R*4[<(

M(W&0401I_
T*?8P6+G0/?+1$HOS:7:C^U\_Y;0^9WB-\X6[(6+6#XBUO;&
MVKO17?;E7

[:0[KYN(/[\L)?

MZ:4W_P4``/__`P!02P

%/)N/FUU]\:N9?_-
W__D__6H^7U2

MQ==?S_LWS6T]WYM





(GA==/
6VAN)9S_

6RZ''86V65:?Q*OE-CD]]D2^)N/

(MRDNIPRV_UVU



MA#TGU;/


M:*/SE[W_.G^_!/NBQ@J8TB]_.9\0Y[+6N\D$(SM'(Y9O_&8VP8!
9Y/KK@8)




WL_[$
I\8J'((T%



M=LVT%^9!E]-FC/


M^UBQ%65W6`)\S[R=]POK0U)




LK?:9





GH#MZX6__XU\W

M=\.1F*9Z.YDLH%(SVZG.!6MU

\FMU=+:-P!YOP&3K&YNX!&-HG;

`$D8/
M9-$_

;L?CL4O('0Y52='0U)U.;L5!NW]R*8_
MC(?2ZA9U.#.=U^-Z4.^5\#WMJ(P?W(%[CK6F]VC]CMW(,%$4$(5AD*F]RY
MHV0JUQJ
E$_[

M0EFHV_HGTJX1
$
#SO?R-H3JBQO



M99+?P3]#.Y@TIK9-;BQ69'0Z0+/`PQB\B*Z3.4SQ6VU+FY09Q`6QTJWIJV


V/1_VHJ.$^#$L.Y

MDP0#

BWAF95/)4MGPZ(^

R1U=$.+`GQ'U



O*SUI@Y\9@UW2_IT6NZO%/R`%L\HYL*7J!A*R0+J9YT9!K
M!6/X%S(61LD*

M:U4GECDVUV1[Y]5-0XX!0@I4N6-^I(('3L%HB8BG`W2C(8W2'ER9I$HZ-+.6






M3CD$)
T;/*$1D?-(T$VN_JA!#UP
*J.B$9!AYAWR09CC;`SY27O%N&3N[T%MDU^LP*3K-4


H-FYP8#]AQ-:%!1:XJ&Z


E2DH!/`*


;J((8RGBI%K
M8F1.219GD[;
LKKY#)$MAB)D(


5PY




H^WR.:!R-/LD=68
MR5Q





GT:/?KI.LHO^`YW\%&ZTMS&S!^D.XS!U%#RB
Z<JP<`X]EG\^W'\*GK/LV7@E*]7_9XL7J?^]O_[EF1^V)\+ZC[.1?CC*
M)[0C$QG\T]'2
R[MV?_8JF?^K5]-X.






NY8PN[Z37?FJO4-`NZ
[V0S1-B




MYQX-EF


S


]:VW48F=KJ'PO!*IZY

MOI8A(]L*F#
%'.5








<(7;9L*TDP![JA%+
M$BTAITCW0*[6-O#V/8J`4^])B^U=^SWG1OTEBL:WK*]E'

E9`6=M5
MG+'JF)Q'DC7$U&(=?&XU55-J[G+7*NTF53K(%1&$ETG%H*(B30\7C6\
@9
MC16CG$%D.B/E+WX(M#V1N^44Y:BG


G(Z+)*86TK7(45I+^(!UNB94`L4UKY








OZ1X`1S+[_Q%J
DVQ;/'(D5+818(%]V$-@2LUEB
M/EG/Y)_=846#$
ET!M=
N2K:UN4=X'HFOZG5UVO4C=B9SQY4SQ+CW7&;R\MT


:(IH
5
M'42]+$\AEE24$-AQ/NVQ\_;#]




M.
[TU(G_^TZUL`(&^B7YV@D=CBD

$^P
9WS486'8-ZBL=




M


M;(B2156ZT`




MA]=U(`&)_%!;00C=(




M
+E^:-AZ
+L!'G%Y
*PH=Z61X@M6!@^'6KR$B^Z(PJVK32&!F\:]Z@)[X/UH

M=B\D7HA


MI=1A#WE#@K^=JU5'8AJ8@8A;=V(')PTTG^Z=?NF(63L*PX_0S/7=0N!.EWJ(



!@&N6LE@O2$!P

DK/XE+44'ZC_&&#
M^/\C4B$I&7[\:%5S%.Y&@LW%S1QHU*3T0
R&D.XDM%`Z`SE12!PL=AD*]WI[


9WB)[-7

@\






7G\JUGE-
Q6/9_/&7?!*X


'`6W2]'A:ZE2'9]

&]V_4H
/<O
M.M(N(OGC<CQD+/H1.I;DQZ/$?;=?XFE)MN&W1*SPB8?#.-Z4'90*8HNGMV(

M[3G)B9GNO1'K&&]1-?
R9P1.Y(S'5@O2M*$SG)3PR/5^.DR4\QFE(0\B08NX

MA1&%*.^














S2D\UH*BKK$N+;(*4



;P6=8@-G$KO-64ZAD;

Q3EY5DB5A!3&0
M@
;5#4F]D[5-1&=K



.F

GJ/2?8I

I;;5


G)%
M7-FB$AR^-\W%7\9I.]GUC#%14@+9KX11EL(7]_LMVIORXIY;U:0D7ZS&:#.]
MJ
640&A/MYE$_QP^


MX#;?*:.S%JJ




M/ZFLC







M5Y


VTEFS[[^XM-7Z2K*]MZ[

MO8=/;63FF_EKW@@08



_+)DZW.!/:[WMG`*_
ML+1G`=GZ?J_?!S]V]RQHX6+4-\\_-K
^'\(FAX__4_RZ?LZWJ1K^H-?/
X8M


9$^@EG^0G=M0

:QNKP^8\6;I9S;!_L4]



M/A.Z;-
E=%LT

M:Y24/5-1V#PUN8_%C&O\-$7


M)


PVJF&CF%(L]OB$&.))O*0IL<V$29=/AY(CN
M9F4ED\K;@*+'#[&YXB
3((RI8-;=S'\1:4X;3.:8H55)UA9LZNL;#S?R*/_+



ME8



1/L&
M(FZSOIJV&.ZL&M:]QV(
8NYR
5\`+7/.K[R?:X%Z;E`TV`ZI9Q_@O@F[_(GH



$Q3OY2
MI)K=CO8!-
J5YLI$YQ


8'GXN

0DMJCF(_


W??HE-O/W3EU^T
M?]$T\+^#SR4P)T3G$&W:`0]Z/7JC

V]1^XF&H2



M=

(6EY$CV=)S!.WDS*X#K6&2X1E-\B.'_
=II[78FA]REI)KJWWYL+`

M*XH$T800N1LU3SDC=-IDG&



C3&`





-'&AE\:
K5:%WS3HQH[(N8V2


MNPU\S=(#?^./;
N):*I




87
M'`JVG]O@&MGSBOP2-L)VO`8H*.-`ZP6VXT0UG3%42JR!'?S?HJSJ/+LF:&Y%
M8.?W7U\_^_[KJ]-GW^M_U\^&7^U755=FJO:M%*.A



3?R$5'?



M2M*+0.6$@A%CZ;N5!:+2@
H.CO(6Q.B7HD::\2UN2&AIVODE)RX2XS]@C;








H:9M
!`OI'L//T23V\5_O3E6
M6[;_;C?V(E7RR.+YB6/F**&YO[OQ]!_M%&_@:]C=\=6)/19A-BVY^)]%XMGI

CEVZV\?=9O\LO%FB
M.DTC4#UP1(%J+S*XXC1LP]@Z!?NL

MP=8T[PI
9J`CA^&V7:5
'$;W(PC=L+%:.P3:Y2VS(''P%%&P
.Z+-MM[3!;\


M3E

5_#AB16;2MBX3KO





U4/
5Q$

=DT

M;D;]X]$U4X_X=M&MQF[NJ0RZJS1S.R)O\XKR:O]61%1?`_!9_JARM8\1E/Q=







MQ;


SY2#

%0].$-&P)1BI

M+!A^



3NM3L'$$;J=)6.N

'A\G-


MHG
[J+O



MES3:/AT=_-Z%\W4G7VGEF:

^O6CWV6*JP0
MOUK/Y6U8D_@_2?/RK''
JQ4?3#]NXH7T'_X





M
M0
9[)K\O5U/FD'NDK_&N!I]CU?4WC;FDC*W):#.]I3YSR7]H=MK+HS.3VK
M9](


(E(C:COP7?M-V2*&F]O-8[JR)8&[92^U%W=@4
M87SSSA[&!WNYLD3GO+=CFLB-4)2O0+4-/JW'9*91#FY=[\ZW$[R)B.!2
MV:F%75_P*+WO%3:T
MY*V_

MWWKDY6O:S?QL56
M6GELL)DU_37:.*Y4@\H@
S^R[F_)G5E%A\FH=XBY




MJ@9
9@1UCCU+Z.9=_P61G



.*9*B8GR4.8/UF


$&L)$'GP-Q;N*Z+!0D21)$N0(`0
!UP&DR*
M



N
.49!(.2Z;@!0U/737
MG89N%L8

ME*S55V\[HBH[@AIT
*51N1T]$[V5406&NZE!D)$.8;:N7J.6CA;$*

M+L!DLDY?'S95U?6P+8ULQ42O_&-D^O@4V5^U!ODV9IS98+#;E`8X+A^&*0D.

=1-#8*
=(C!8=#K__AAF%!@N)L:!!GI$(/#H#1Z



MY_=5=/L+``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`O]]?&U`4``.















M42(Q`^QKF)!'B6%L@6P!K$81*F\@2KZ^LY3]*(EXE!CF8X/T@N3R]U0@RY$O

@YV[D2*9#UPM
M

@/PLN;6%V5)1W-)/(L






55MOVR`8
M?9^T_X!XK_$EMT9QJB95MTJ;-$V[/!.



MX;;@
IE,-6`
M`/A$4KC.@(309_]]$(6M<YS-HND\SA*`HQTW]EXX2HS8WE@E?P=0XD3U).DK
M20;J7^-IEZFR73V?Q82%'F#=]32]4JK`X*F@3M-1UT+)DM@/CH+.GJO_[(*
M\AS)K6/)



M

M6U17;N!Y



ZJ6F!;TE^#\



MAZ[/H).







1T=^
M7^4R8

(^D`SO)XS9*XM<3#9@PT7'^1GO#M1%.54_7_O5:]$9U/(:=F<<


M[=VV



#C%*<^Y1)\J.E]/Q$ABY-+(00'60VX(T&)248:@OXW



MQA#?Z0-%5:KUG85*)QJ0WX=:&P@2-$RQD=(QY'.E=W4A--6&1JDU;#*3[V0M



MY37*!I/J]%&$5LG






)*7*/!
MRY(1^L#)OJ6=




3U3C0






TQ:*BJZI4TC'


2YX;6R
E%F/VC`4
MA=\K]3]8?B=.PCJ(


MI`ON]^_3*!WUD_[@_RHD./(!GZFETXE66P2;!N8T#75;,!F#LDO6A?Y\G`S<
MN)HG5^1+@3:P&IOI,$TF9`,M9'MF=LVD;6)^371/`%_1Y
0_=SD;7
.AA`8


\?*?_@4``/__`P!02P



-JV$EETH0`T-5^+I1C&3M)E'Y41#
WWTC'0I]U\4S[[QFD&RH4RV`%LIGZST
M(;-3L-D_V7W?%N[0AG+R:XR/^3^*^-%::#:4PC(QK7
7N^8II!0L/&BJ76B






CC2S

S?CF9%0_)



M-JRJ-*)R9UMQ!
/)5S3#!I/X($XE])T`]O6^HM__1<``/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`!`Z7X2&`@``YP4``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T-C








R

MSU_OP`I
*&*B=.))0M=H`'^)DKXS




KDCER!:U?


MC8XSKYVU`TK[;9I!`E5VJV;'G?U








M)*^:$]&!2S@&-A_/\%\!@].(NP#XR+GL+M3AM?_W8?\?````__\#`%!+`P04

BAH4MY'NH
634AO%'2Y-


M!284




$
'3OQV1IA-[WM


ML.$`IZSC%3QQ4\G6D@9*1

MVAT6OOV&#_3B-P```/__`P!02P



M92








[*;*'Y_`V942TKV


*I



M
?:

MS2B:(E/.+I``_.^5!2X-F)'LG7^^%8?VO/;'X6A.PN5X#BQ/M&G3`BE]+W]I

F6=8.C


M;0!3T\$0PV$Y'(I%O_.P?9.TCB(*F.&/G-S?QP\YF-1[CI?W#_02(S=XD`


M([_E1_+#8#
_B9A3:N]_75`WI0Z2.$BJ(T;*4`4?F%




M9%?2IU]`DX42
36?O2
BP)AY!TI4U)C3P.'3U:`/
C5@.QFN038?78.`;D;8
M+9R(`


UIN`:

M$*$(DR=5$;R23`W8K30-XD3

M&SL1`88]$KJ=0!

:5AY[HC[3N[_DP:9-5ID_U/UR8@L$WO
MMLY&(*(
[QPH(1*2WHW'/0KU4:9['UW%`XS3S907:`P#Q=H+-)BC#00GI
M#DHNJ+M:&(5:TKD0#TJFMT.
*9L[)^6[`@FB2_8@:[*%JR+%I#EJE.1(LIP
MU8$2(B'A*EE




O


AK#?AN6FNJRBJ
MLS
MTGK$KK2$YLBJ(FWPMSI%];6BZ4$
*BX1&8]G49'F92@]K*J/^&#'8Y[1
M.Y8]%;1LI).*7M(&\=?G_%IK;T7V$7=%6CT^76\R5ESAXB&_Y



]F$V!I8<(U</F\3
EY'S\`_4S8[

6::#YF)&YLS






M5YL

;&;9CW0S4
RB!&%
MM15`G_[D=M-6GMD\C+C`*PIJ=B`7\/NIQ05:9&X`NVWNK-J2D$]&\I6DH-6)

O6E$%KU)1`Z]*40&10*CMH;PYGI-3_3WM#KE91U<Z!&;
M<RNDY5\M95_&G85KYD/K


;
`-.'S''(^;




MD!0D`\E!I`2I`)9@]0@#4@+TH%L0+8@.Y]2SSORWK*\_[PAL!
STKZX&3C






M(=^O:D?I^O4O3\4J
1S
Q0;YT8T\GU:T'6-E%6TO@%1


MB@F2HA2HHPH)RJ(2J**:$U4$S5$+5%'M':$NV(]A[R_2J1=XI?E7BP\-+(


M
3!S322MJ1]


C)2]5$J4&=1?:FH3
HM]84J]3&DN)!XW5HZ#'!1Y<CGLIM\<110;UW2`(WMB4

MBHRM?@@Z/PN:.#969#W_3#P:*=MK4Z(LO%90X]RH_-FU_&8

MFU!MTD[HB7I/Y_9$C:S?EV.@%5%$%!
E1E11I03%40E446T)JJ)&J*6J/:

MB'*B@J@DJHC61#510]02=40;HBW1CFCO(=_5:D=V@JOU!LYU-?9TRS'0BB@B
MBHD2HI0H(\J)J*2J):$]5$#5%+U!%MB+9$.Z*]AWR_GK;S&W/GI]'




M:?S7A]'H4EZ
SIK;&3L/BXA2@UR-V_CBWV-%+]!G!T=A$






M6YTGY3L_3#&%SG_EU
S4DSH.*

JA

MF%_2*(AFS
R]HA?-0)&V)6D3M=2:REO@G)JAE1@M&UVI05[`
VY[6SIN)V?S





MSI/RG1_FJ@X3M7RS0UI0'9TQ\_3KS]%
F
[2R!\3+H-=TU)+.0/`RMB:.RNV
MWORT?Q]Q-IE/)D&J



M2@6=$

Q(4HU4@]UCSOT
MR66P8

Q80H


B-U/)T2I06ZE!MJMK_HQ%3(/
M8CDW9IA#N#AM3WD0#]JMWV8&_2W($2^UHIMF)(H

^'1
M@Y&R'3


Y:P_[XNHWC!O8Q!SEZ&:$44$<5$5%*E!'E1`51

T6A%%

TUZBOJN_]_\J^6QT1-<_






M_MI;




MD.]OE?YTIYL7%C(Z6VKCYUI5_E5O@9O0FIIDQQCL/?Z#+8;Z^&I
83NP+R

MB%9$$5%





M3(7\M=37)5
D&JE3$





O





Q;25$*5'V*O
Y


Z]E!.\*ZWH

M4$*4&N1YE
'=WXW^O./X;.Q]VC7



YCS^EL=AOFOJQ[Y`P.^]:BEO(&A5_0&

M0)N&?_!B::5
6G%%%!'%1`E12I01Y40%44E4$:V):J*&J7JB#9$6Z(=T=Y#
MOJM/R\U=,3=GD!O6LJB%:4BHI@H(4J)





M



BD16=XXKS2



E0W.;TN)4-UD^/04C)T'7F%9*&.0?
Z\B;)0IV&9LEJ-EJH




M`````/__`P!02P




M;6V=W;UVP`FN`4S9SF3FWY^6+=EJO8:!W9F+(3QN=4NOVE++^.&/[X?]Z%M6

M691?JUV6U2/R



%W!_R
M35E4Q5L](7?3MJ


(VW`E'C*;0.FAGX9SG:9F_IQ[[^




M%L[R;G6YY4JVI$\U1NNJ
=*MUG25/F\;X[UL2)\WC=&B+&HG5:23G*_+HYRV

)1YDFO#P+-X]C4H!2







4F]RS=?7PJ:4%KF!U;`.97?\N`OJRM=

;$:\B2:WS65O&






ML65)K2TCO75@XO(0^0CA%B)$
:*$(:Z%*'5U+7XR9ED9ZV.62%^1'-L\




1BWY9E/U

KXJ8J(;G(G*E

6*B
MK
Y%9+J*M9YM+::N5V5PXX7OLA*)3:W/8
O(.E=9]?GD*=3GDR\19;`XHYMG
M_TUT$/-'6,I955'RI2J`\57PZ5J!;G0G%M:090V__GS$`O#YG5C$1\39X;


Z4I3
M0



$%``&
I3$(7A-*B+ZNQSTGS&1MLOZ]*FK+RI:;G

\
MG8#W.XF+4MKN?SCFZZIL6
OVW0C
!=Q1E_





M(P8;Z(([PMU+FTY+2`NXZ4NE+E0;DFFSAV/ET5A`\I.+=DD#82
H
[L8)[


M



0CUW'#HFANG


1''\*YH]8FPA?



$%``&``@`
M```A`$L
38]K?QLE^VCJ!YN5$NAO1J_
M^.Z)
[_^7K/L.RLIJ`WGA=PX/P97;]E:(+@H!?]I$[@9^UE]$@NN?S%KW]0
M=CI+..XI[`@WEF1OCU2DHC`C



%Q`K^
(ZGP1T1!CJ@_DMZUAG?2
M8X=0Z^$2`J$^@1BK'WXO&:]@$BG=/,(=FYNSC3V&)*
#R-DWM=(MFY^+2




`MID




C'%@XPOFR;J;=YD7R2DV#


K;!=C&9




%`4W$]LEGK+J`@N`?[6R

2GKF6O35N5_U$KB_FB7FSF







M![&C!H5J3&?YDIJ]'?'Q9-6`@?$!U9K.65
$(/75*M]HAXB/B(!(B$B$2(





YLB);/5CL1B5F)F

MV4!GWF7V=`&_NZ#


4:)A&0M(
DD+7X0
S%78F9(C!DA
MC_P(1`8.5CY&`48A1A%&


MZJV&$H:0CZTC$*,(HQBC!()R3*07O,#,K#65)2!H6%3]Q9'D8^1@%&(481
$O5.F+W%K.;H4:1.U1<GUD)

]:EBB%1-%WP;A`=T=2`_I[

MY]

?HPC$*,(HQ@C\CEF.!FI%O3SOWAN\SK4[[/+Y=&

%!H]ZQ;?[)1[TS6\&O


MC!E;

V&Y
ML



M5_$69?GSH89RSR`B#


X?7%\
A_-





A
M(Q$C

!(R$C$2




ECVMRCR%:E@W7\11K)!RON+.



:/XFX$.^FA/2(VN
M)T

M(P&_T[9H;JQ8`DU7*C!#9V^;*4`]=DN:QY&OT+QQ8T]F/5&(F80C6C844WK9

MPE3RCC`@M6#(5U:R%JN^*/11M!8?TT4.UT42=;4PE:$T(+40;C3D*RMUHPN?



MP=IL'G$L%^51WQ'X\@



MG*#]N.K^/P```/__`P!02P

`-IJU;JY?A^/CXS-C#^OJQ*IT')A47



0S#8NQA]

4E6\`/)-DB2TQ@9\"%:3R81,LIVOO`?Q/.\SN$N,/$4F/P+2!/*L1S/D`
MC<B&C&5*'K7!\Y$CP3UB+$@
.H#!%+3.!Z9EHX5+#K,#$@N9#2&(A8Y7A

@TE-%%@



84VCL\CJ+I+GMTB2A;/Q9=18D[$

NS8BN)T;9E6.I.][^?HDAG6$6&9?=+W&Y].B(/B]0Q+3_\^OVP
MGWQKS_VN.SY.X[MH.FF/FVZ[.[X^3O_[GWJVGD[ZH3ENFWUW;!^G/]I^^NO3
_RO-O^L3NVX#:,DQJ!YZ[[HM#?M^J_X.2Y<W8]CL_


T6=XM5E$2`SYY;ONAWBG)Z63SM1^ZP_\U%!LI+2*
FG[9:NC`B\&I$XNM:


&.O

M!#((+F
;=-W$4R=1HU;$*


2R*XR5UOD8*)13%9$G/-
MZ+:G\3)R#-*`[2$UB4JEJA90H8(9)'Z('!S)E`G4:O(`IQK)N!$P1(E2U0L

N?+VNAK/HG:1.W]NH




#!
D



M+MS]Y0H1(LDREZD1
Q-1NE`[R'AW4B(HC3+T@0$[!7/I^ODG%(V+*A8D%.0&
M
DZ):)TNG54=
[!+3%:[$@'*+#++*P
$:K?F$1E$L%$_%=^%)[Y'-)0:R.Z*

M'JEY1`81;)7*O9955TY#G9:Q960!S@4;J0N#:%=GZJ9)YFK)BU1(Q*-1\QK2
M@U@S`3M&DON5CGD2/-UQRH6&M!UN0C0\=$N?%LO#1HP8I':AZ1003;1?+[

;%$\QJ_CK2@WQ68NK1C]LGY7@6R5[T






3




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!+OURE508`
&ULG%G9;N)(%'T?:?[!
$V)I\*\NLF58'N8<KZZHNLQ8^UIN@







FU4U4OQEF


ML&&&ZB;*D!'U#





M$^:H

M\Q^Q.]/.8*PR



2%$=


1`[]=MN?&-K-&GLF)J+!=DDLP1UK5$/05+X
MO7VI%@7QEN&YJ-&4'O44SK2WMVL`25X#E^Y2K(4FWAQ35[$@&'T7]UZ#
M$


MTN
)-1@+




V^O#__6%RU


M#O=H`/Y[]K!W8P.27/_5_?VYOSW=O3^?+2\6J\G
M?KL\^YX
GM7Y?G9S8_C





WQ(IB51$#)&:2$/$
M$FDE48FN1B7JHG6B/2FF

M1$HB%1%#I;2$+%$6DE4HMCL5:)NXYVMG8GRWN*7]UY7DQ;!$U0EUI!T&1V

JH8&48UHX:19=0J



*C5Y3*1:VBJ]'M=+O*
MB';Z34@JU2.E%*&RD$BWP*W?(UK@EWO9@AZI%GCTBE*YJ%4\0:EV3L?M)EVX

I7/$KJXH
M5L7(
*H9-8PLHU8A+8/;.D;(T.\TJNL]$N9T2JAD5#$RC&I&#2/+J%5(Y^QV

M4
7(




+*-6

*H9-8PLHU8AG;.S..FPZ.]JC%S(X9)H5'BD
M1T4\+_E1
43%44&HM6+A9Q1S:AA9!FUFF%QAFO&1NO@.2H8./%414CPZAF



M&56


M/')W

M'E+R]DP







BH958P
HYI1P\@R:A72.8^S.PNV.Q[)*1N0

HQJ1@TCRZA52.?L

.H9M0PLHQ:A;1$X\S7


7BJN-=.)XF-W\:H
M.:&P.J.



+*
6H6T1.
\WY(]7T!R

VH864:M0DJ&U3A+UX5K

M

7(
*H9-8PLHU8AG?








ERH'/HLGI4[\U?%

MTTF1G%_PK

A8I`G
%$[GG;8QPF&QQT.U[IGKZ+VY*R
IQ\.$:%V//Y0UI0H
MEG.%4K%?^WIA

KU




J


MI+'.3(UI;&^^=&



MBMF=G
^VPZ51%DCEJXL
4A&#5
0@%3%(10Q2$8-4DB52.=\EY]5K(\7[-#EW
M_`\





S5N


M?
XS5P)1
8TR)2NT`-]DRY7@=?`]JEP)Q@.^090K00OP/9M
R1K]@V]YY$K0






JH9AF!V%


^'T^GPT#T3_&YW?;O#S[E/W$WR+X?#*?P#


M

2W=6
Y;@W[FY%+W_M?J([V$5;[[

M
M&L)5-#1[P[[3$

AK+2V0[A^

MRNKBZ7;U]KMR@SIC*H]

M0B1&).D3Q2381Q63;C_#Y*;HELO9!(K3F?8CO

JBU40%@1GMZM%RAAMW


4M
MRP7MP7PE
J855_UCQZ_^=M6NXNE(+F)9I1]?T?!6BKSDR+J6RUI$]=!&-H2G



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#GW&V_]`8``$L=```8




&#T6&6EHL8;PRQHN


5@
#((%JV!KO.V.QV

M%K/'

`-;.F\@U_\/;X@
\8;/:L^!




NLM=]8L'][6!_6;7J(W




8HX&NTOYE$C_24\INU/MAG$)9L'LDVTDX0K


)C

MX6\58\BC&*.F#:\(5#S-^$A`_E$BJTG;&*UF6@317(^K90=Y.HLJE]R#R.?
M([KDAF.;:X!C^F50HPBC&*.F+CN6$@\X3$#^43J+=&H_W3\ZZQJ$_VC2$DS

(WOAA9OJ[T]NSJPF%S-9+-/;TMK5$?(P\C$*

(HQBB1D#QG4@*+2T]J!WBE#KO@R5=7
MY.16ZGF.R);J7@3;:OW01W59@9&/48!1B%&$48P1^5+3CEZXX]$O+_3U^#6O

';525?7R


O^;DJRN/C





MP\G\;K883QPR'[SD51T6PN5PL'FOZO+PES1RQ*):)ZYR
J'5HY
+`Z=J(!W5


MT1=JY(VR6:.-PRT\;2%:3;CU;1#8(+1!9(/8!HD-4@.

M-SJJM09&LJQ$:`L]Q+=!8(/0!I$-8ALD-D@-P!)!ESDD8D+-TK_GZ)X0HVAW



M$@&)@21`4I.PV(5


U'Z&V6OH^2+67*%R%E7S(7+-Q%/#S0O


*$&4
L1B=F^38HTYWP0UHOW7N.KM




MU=UXL;8GI0OY]F2_HE0##;7J:]2]]@T4FG)?UIN54`]D5G-+YT?:JKM5Q!IU
M
R;]


U8J5?


SYO4NC+AH/D8\H
M0!0BBA#%B!)$*4
\9B&
+^V`5]W&)\*+E0J)Q'-[MQDLK9NJIP8:RM/7OIAT
M65HO)8+.2K=2R'SQ(+\GG*_3@Q-4S@J1'FQ^@!\[EF[UM$%W7_41!1I)(=9S












W#CU

M%H(?'-@U
*?LB-Z#P1R2=671/RN#DO28.SVH'PJTA.5X6L4X67A/T
+\R*RG
M#+:)S90(WQ`/_%XEH?2Q9`B+^'[[3Y)Z$#0:.:^2.!Y+&B8:


0R1
LG?\;35G^-GSD7




YX;6RL5MMNHS`0?5]I_\'BO=Q







MT=#`Q#Y^




M:&5E='


&@
GT^;A)D:LVR<5RJ?3Q[W^^/%_]







3U
MGF)(

#^-^KEYWD!B2Y_[/]]^?N\?CTZ7H\



M%S#[UKN7?VE)BV`(FO+2.)S)?9]F!F1G$A!I12$:F)-#Y1NH@!]O?$TSDJ

&*M%ZH!WQ)Z
A^K+/@\D8#5KT





MT56;9E\L:NY





MH]'L'+X8P?Q=VR@D4]9Z-I=C!/,-.[6BYRCD8EHXI1S:A12`LFVYHOV)DY

).]CW*Y
M2RBWS;O%LF!4



J&)6

QLLB

#L50+5MD.^=;/1&E3MW!'VFXWB$<YK75_AUF_,5L_B]P<WS#*
M&.6,D8EHXI1S:A12(]9;):_4U\^[8UA\^Z8C'L/Y_N=\*3GHEP6]Q4MRCFJ
M8%0RJAC5C!J%M$+BJWR%SF2OL6&^#`;Y64$H&Q/*&16




M
:H9-0KI
8OG\

MJ&;4**0DFL:MT.#YWK;3ZN

M-]\9Y8P*1B6CBE'-J%%(2S3
]DW9]EGD!KAAE#'*&16

M

M977
&.6
D8EHXI1S:A12LTS#!.V3!:Y&\@;!@Y*F=4



ZH8%0RJAC5C!J%



MN%XJ+?*R@E'&*&=4
6




2D85HYI1

-.[Y&8XJ&)6
*D8UHT8A+9AX

ME#
J&)6

M=TY;;[G..*AB5CI&
M-:-&(:V/6#,_)RZ=[-).FRS^9`^LZ'IAHDY.]C[&48H=RW9J()1R:AB5#-J

M9HQR1@6CDE'%J&;4**0E&F;Y%FSY+'*KUX91QBAG5#`J&56
:D:-0FK
R]]F


IIK/LI[LS?WD_O
M`DMCYCQK:I&WS#*&.6,D8EHXI1S:A12(\Y9ODNVP66[/HL\N?[9.HVX6X7





MQYF
V'):%F18

MX0T,:XM$D
0E+[$%*W/YJ/PF]504B_K4!(
:^^86R%Q`]LX-++FP_LLO?^


M(09%?!8H$K?;@[^(EXQZQ^W)$BYRF/DF[/3
[X
\[8A!.V+0CABT(P;MB$$[
M8M#.9UJ[]N7W_J)Y9N:;E^7[7V!-U`OTNSLV/5


H.ZL86Y&;[#-=&[8
?2
6!YA1825$59%6!UAC6;!\



0P?&(8/C$
GQB&[[-@^.*3_.%+



5PK8KA6/@N&+R;*'_[_
M9U4PADQ)TYLT_YIQ9O=A-HNA%C&H10QJ$8-:Q*`6
:A%#&KY+%!+;).OUKED
M

M5&(6!V2*W)()S89E;E@8OHES#

GAN$3P_)8?C$,'QB&#XQ#-]GP?#%AOG#
MOSA3C)_S9Y#[F1`_4]S-`;,NS;%9#*MX=M'*0B!JF(02IBD(H8I(&J7P6

8A&#6
0@%C&(10QB


\1A(KF:%D%BV!]GC(@.NL%N@V'K_F$GSS



M5\XC)7/T`%_








'@
1H=M&?@KVJPR_?IZZGYNWR+

M'Y_


MB`2(A(A$B
2()#)13(+5[E=4Y$!DR!-9X]F&LNL:![+G4AG4N(^(@$B(2(
M1(C$B0R45RY5QQJ7]SX\L*B6[-X)/8

MA$B






\4





?0
54;Q``HQC*
8HP2ANAQJ3:0#E6VX6

MDJQP#80\ABRC[1S
B8&


MDXOG4SZ+LF&-DYS6=LB`:ZE1R&DF+S)&?*#(&#^4

MVFXK5K









M:8JJM3E#W#W#@0^'JD0I+B\-:BDGZ5!=4(B?G*HSD6Q-^0Q=4W0OE_.'$C=G

\(%.@
**0[A`4
6'Q_CU%I(0=









8Q$D\:A6VIF:M%LA<\X-Q*ZG::9


$%``&``@````A`&^/
M


M%/[]YU?5U5W-XO$]SZPW7LE4%$N;C5S;XD4LDK38+^W__WMYF-F65%&11)DH


5/_BM
7GNX/




VD3IWOC5W7-1@U01CV!1KA^!Y'&02
M^CK`FC33FM`+X/DF(0G@LPUSTEIHB%#ROY]$'&0BCEM_2B)I9F[-$MQ%FI_
M
UV^



AJ$5Z3Z'QW-1(\MQD+^4(1&KW!J(1-8]+FN+NO$QJ]XQ<U.&P:@=LY
M-\N81'12&%\Z*;^PL?]L5MB.MU=G0/.V</\#6K0;`[&+HZG=73I$EAS(BO]
M=6$3




M+609$3H*B




@HTHW%HF6*9@P'X
M]0IAMP9DA+W5U[U(3!:1R6P4SH


M\J(R8ESE


M]*2S#^Y\


M;YLP%
7?)^T[(-X+&$)(HB15DZK;I$V:IOUY=L`$JX1[33MM]^].&8;&GR



MEKT]

M6[$^*G`J`*]CA

:.';X@QE=



SU-1ZJJ@3C
M#XIM)6]M



M*[IM[$^U^\K%IK:PVCDTY/J:EV\/W#`(%&PBXC&8:@``?I$4;F=`(/35_^]$

M37



2YX;6RL5MMNHS`0?5]I
M_P'QWG#)K4%)JH2JNY5VI=5J+\\.F&`5
+*=IOW[G3'@8)*M4JDO(8R/CX^/
M/3






MEZP)WM




!8%1'R`(658N_/9
6]@*

B2OIF7\ZZ[:`C6:LPI

/B?L1::6ZOA%DWA_SM
M4O[JO$
[T)&FTOWX5Z-E@ARP=H;=9JN@#[D$CO
MK<!-\80\-9FAJ4&:[<.PQIU0QHBF5S9MHJ1B3V-:%-))^`'[8!!JIEPTZ2W




M?Z3*F5&DOT9Q=C$;7-V

8HT%^C




^TE/W^83R;O;O\

MQ#Y(?)#Z(/-![H/!Z4/ECZH?%#[H/%!ZX.5#]8^V/A@ZP#A5%K@_@VG*C-T
M\Q:3]UIZ\=;(4$L.,WPJ118'D8.G@81`(B`QD`1(B0#D@
I@)1`ED`J(#60



M`ED!60/9`-FZ1/B4]IQO\*F2ECXU1
=J:O^T`!(`8%$0&(@9`42`8D!U(`
M*8$L@51`:B`-D!;(L@:R`;(UB7@;3U?X
VDN[
MTYZ%:D0!@PXCE!'9)9JX7:*)VR5&:]#%'<.K@=\;A_)#;X-&$ART%+1#%GU


MS@!(:

WNE&M&C*KD@NK1G6#E=

M9REQK[
T\D::Y\#%0$NY0PU1R$@/-F^N1EQJAVN
*$&4
NHUFW%I9U9VC@JN



J$)6(EH@J1#6B!E&+


MQ8@2J^BN(][^+;52?'_(T%:.J+*1\R75HK-+]%6A:BVBJYY;WO56DVWPI;
MTJ\JWGN#7TW`Z/I5(^%7C81?C:+U6#@`%!GD*
:($JOH=H
7
J96BKLA0ULY
MHL(JNN:]4+&T4FQ^B;8J1+55=


9
4V=%!KD&N8XTR/%'P(KZ&(O*LH:((E2

W\AM.

M4]N:ZNS-X.(:W`F5Y6S95E8@*@V:VFY:HE2%J$;4H*U62$EWJBS(&]RIDR9B

MIO*DO0(OP[7D;-E65B`J#1*3%FQ5J%@C:M!6*Z2DEU6BQ_6ROSJ?].O-T*2+

O:UM#^%A8:J;$[!T=3;ZL2L2U7:HC.-^;MK$MZ%='Y
M6M%

K5*P1-6BK%5+2GRK?\P9_FO20ZT^-7KLU:REG


6L3
U1I0P$NL)C!$C94-T;T!F
M;
96EB

CEY#PU(FJ3$=X5ZX99GN

M&3F^/1PI
]VPL


M@H65LJX^*#(*42I%-*$*6(
D0YH@)1B6B)J$)4(VH0M8A6B-:(-HBV`DE7

*#%(







G8:C_ULTRU+47
/
MD]V;:@LKP_?4`%&(*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&):(FH0E0C:AUB%:(UH@VB+8

MQ=@@&YD%!LVHY+BCZZ]-$-HI7A-CQ#%B!)$*:(,48ZH0%0B6AKD'$NN$-56
MT;UL+W9IK!1?=HMHA6B-:(-H:Y!NJO2^FA=[_LW]9-^RA[KL%@

MT5@)ZWW3
79KOD*I-:(-HJU!?=[O333\H]TRYAS&&G7OH.#WTHW\N&EAI.A!


M;.45GH)A$6LH1I0@2AGIH'IXX4WRC

\F=KL/(W1=((H9:0GY=A_\TW&Y=9PCJA@Y%YLSW@S
MC=1U32^\C=V2K=BZ*D2U0?0C!F]!&H-4DOC0U\.1%W*U:&N%:(UHPXAVZ']M







6
!6EB
J$)4&N4]'HU2%

K1
MU
]X&D4Q*[6B@T*6HOWMP8GC*V^J1PE7`VG4EG*3JB$D5$4ZDLQ3]8^)8S

MY7UOZGM!P
)(.?
\0!0RTC?D$;T







LB775BP
QZ



M_56+D?78`E&`*$04(8H1)8A21!FB'%&!J$2T1%0AJA$UB%I$*T1K1!M$6X&D


_$/2M=7


2E$H190;1AH#:J;OI





MY9






02^N;M
M7'VW$4OHT[=S]6';OA(:O;W70]_MI)*^MM&'(.?J
X]H+:`AVE=+0-.JK\\2


M7O8_:'=Z?O;+_N5E_]C]\^ON[M..OO%YI3ZR\7F_?^'_H$9=_MP__=KM=#_\
MOP````#__P

7_[/2B:
#JY?P5@V;D!3TXR

D@KAJ
MX

DLE:2)50L@&(2%(H3$$D0DO81125(YHI*MVN:2O4




MY
/Z1NY8.](1FBU&LR4W9]





!1B*

I&`!AT;7U+3!4*@



LB__!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`


RYX;6RLF6V/


MF9M5EZ!_B_RMD?YO-.?J+:R+PQ_%-8=LPSS1&7BJJF=J&A\H@L$F&AUT
_!7



'*<'`,68.Q
@.4VM
'*4[3MN0!KSMSU6V.-+_U35=828X+

LZ1YKJKI5Q8R:XS+:*ZKO5DOC)0=9TV

LZ1CY&`48A1A%&


.P0Y9H;L[JNZV__V
M]'
9%@



M83((A1A%&


MIX?NPPO#7EEVB

MV
^K#UX3NP
\<[-(.XKL7WFZRA$

MN.&WB5MZRO]




D\V88?Y[S;_OO



K^/4C&O1XS#

Q


K49L900K8B8;



*.
P-=;8+V0QG%-';NPZYY(_FZRH)\_-WM%%4+!7(^*F^+



?5AC

MG?1&_

MK?S`&NA_WUC_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`1D?`I/L$``!\$@``&0``


MLAH2:%=JI:K:ML\





S





M49MLD+IM(%M^O9OKWZ489W#I2I*.G=;'9#H3[*5
C[VSL*[S-/-DE=($)@
]T5;99


M



P
*MWAKGIKD[DTF=



MFCGQZ596Z?
%_/YFS=)
V*8_D/EKD55E71Z;

WQTC+7TR5


WXB'B(^(@$B(2(





HC\.`Q57






P9)5(4;9)K!F
;




M/)7M-RIJC
ZYFQPN59V]G
#OKY:3Y4*;_D#RYS*OJZ;:MT\@9[('Q3XOS:4)
M2IO5K@0/2-A'=;%?&\^6F]J.86Y6-$#_E

M(_!25:_$--D1!(U-U#JD(_!G/=H5^^SMU/Y5O
-Q3\(@XYNZ^^463

,B,RXU^Y)'HT)3##Z('#M-!X.R9*+P/7[O;$@J=@8D^SBXW?O&)LL7VCZ

M90-)LS*_0
KGW&:+;2S5PA



1#
?D01$)$(D1B1!)%4)HKOL`\]X#NQ5GWGA)8A='WT
M$/$11`)$8D0B1%)$$EEHC@ZUQQEF\H3*2+:8YF_;BL8/%AU!P9_`IL'VU*(


CA840.#R/.G&[1]MB:J`M+T-WO(H
T(D3B
MKA79^$%5V\Z2[KY0364-)4Y0(N$X3?O4$8$:2!VH=$7N$!4U.(S82EXLQZKW






8HPBC%*
$H5I(:!U-8/A(&7XO(LY$AZ6[`0\C$*



H

M7]2$E31?!.H+S4`@-NVLY8PDFUI:A

Z



UIM^8

O=OJI:\0
Z-KM#]\U_````__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`````$`QE4Q)=

O


BL-4X
E4S
H/!9E0XF09)U\/J\
MK!W76AHOD/(%B]G@&%..V/((DI1$-E!!J()(!;$*$A6D*L@$8(`MHS?P'OP*
M;X@

M3V+#.B/]L!Y)-NS'8-XLP1$)$(D1B1!)$4D4PDTMSAV/G$W$FT/'=&G''C



;C93-IR0

':J:)M8^U
$I+=(Z7D1^[==Q8K(5TX\BV.EX1FY9
ME(`C$*.:#JXSIR\.,H^SV.NXC%&48I1U1\YGDXD3




M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`KLC':MH#``!H#P``$``(`61O8U!R;W!S+V%P

M5\%NVS`



M=5V*E%OT
OXF4JV


M&ZXM`?GL8Q]S@Z)%W`+JLLC&
<ID2_:<.R#
E3K/K^U(4


=DEOPZ)Z3.AIT8



TN1LDIXH

M2#L=9)W

M````````````````?P0``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(!A











``/`*```9````````````





M`BT`%``&``@````A`&Y=`CUJ!```\!$``!D`````````````````XED``'AL






M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-K7%?3H`@``10@``!D`````````````````)]L`


M=#8T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!;`J$=)@0``+X/```9````````````



M3TD5/@0``

Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(
M````(08#:_WOP(``

```[BD``!D`````````````````



M:&5E=#$X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!+#([GT@


M``@````A`

M:&5E='

RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`-[\(]F4(``A)0``

``'L)```9`````````````````%9-`0!X
J2W?,
M```2C(``!@`````````````````K%`!`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='







M````(0#GW&V_]`8``$L=```8`````````````````

(```]*@``&0``

M`!0`!@`(````(0^XI"0
``%0)```9``````````````````:



YX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`^6CBK#(7``#&A@``&0````````````````!D





S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!I0FZ#
`
``%$*```9
LZ`P``)0H``!D`````````````````8;T!`'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`Y(F9


M`

O


M2P$+0`4``8`````$`1D?`I/L$``!\$@``&0````````````````1]0$`








 'defref_reed_StockOptionsAndWarrantsDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfAmountDueToVendorForPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfAccountsPayableDueToVendor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfAccountExcessForAccountsPayableDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentForIncentiveFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesFromCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfReceivablesFromCustomerToNetReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesFromCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfReceivablesFromCustomerToNetReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfSignificantAcquisitionsAndDisposalsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLeasingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentegeOfInterestForLeaseAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentegeOfInterestForLeaseAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassPropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfNonCumulativePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfProrateAnnualNonCumulativeDivident'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_DividentPaidByIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PreferredStockHoldersRightsToReceiveAtPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_NumberOfPreferredStockConvertedIntoCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PreferredStockIssuancePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedToPurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityIssuancePerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentNetSalesProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_NumbetOfConvertiblePreferredStockConvertedIntoCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPaidinkind'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_NumberOfOptionExercisedForEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_NumberOfOptionExercisedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockIssuedDuringPeriodForCashLessExercisesOfOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfAcceleratedVestingOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExpenseRelatedToAcceleratedVestingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_FairValueOfMarketClosingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_TermLoanMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

    <td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationBenefitOfNetOperatingLossCarryforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-V$Q,S1C,%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V,S,P
M8S5A,&)C86,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
M
S
P8S5A
&)C86







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@









MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1A=&5M96YT








&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3&EN



M3F%M93Y


O
M4VAE970Q





#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(













M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970R
M


\+W@Z



O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

C@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K





P


M:&5E='
O4VAE970S



S




O4VAE970S




O4VAE
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\





T0B5V]R:W-H

M
#I.86UE/DQO;F=T


;VYG=&5R;5]&:6YA;F-I;F=?3V)L:6=A

M

M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M;64^3V)L:6=A=&EO;G-?56YD97)?0V%P:71A;%]
96%S



O4VAE970U
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\



O4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='





T0B5V]R



M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?



M;F=S7T1E=&%I;'




\+W@Z3F%M93X-






M#0H@(#QX.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]






C`Q

]


]
T1T97AT



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD
M97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
#`P
3$T
M


M/3-$=&5X=#XG



C`Q
SQS





]

]



]
T1R



]

]






]
'0^)U-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T:6YG




]


]






]


RPP


M
T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E
M7S8S






]


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]


]




3`T+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C8L
CDS+#`P



T1T;W`^
M5')A9&4@86-C;W5N='

M;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@86YD(')E='5R;G


S(T+#`P

BPQ-#
L

2PY-C$L
#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C(P
2PP



M

M;7`^
C$R+#`P




]
T1R

M871I;VX@;V8@)#(L-SDV+#`P


#`\

M+#0R
BPP


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)R86YD(&YA;65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






PP,#`@86YD(0R
M-BPP





T1T;W`^/'-T


]




]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S8X+#`P
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S
RPP



#`P



C0L


RPP
C
L



M9R!T97)M(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3$L








M

M;7`^




\+W1D/@T*

]

#
S+#`P
#QS

]


M+#`P









M.#(L

M1&YU;7`^
SDY+#`P


2PS-C(L

S@L
#`P/'-P86X^


]






#`L



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L


2PP



M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]



RPX
S8L

@02!#




]




T1T;W`^4V5R:65S


]


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU
M95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P

M1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='
@86YD(')E='5R;G


C0L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S4Q+#`P


]


C8L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@








#`L



3(L.3DR+#@S





]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C4P




]
T1R





]





T1T;W`^4')E


#`L




]

]
T1T





]
T1T97AT




P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C


]
M



CXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L
#`W+#`P


]




C`L.#8S+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/CDL
30T+#`P
#QS

]




]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-3`V+#`P



3$L-C8S+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C$S-BPP





]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L





#`I


M86QI9VX]


@+2!B87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL=71E9#PO=&0^#0H@



]
T1R


BPU-#$L


3$L
S8Q+#`U


'0O:'1M;#L@


]


]
T1T:#Y397)I97

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5R:65S($(@4')E




M
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



#0L
#`P/'-P


#4L

M:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#8R


]



]


]


RPP

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

C
L
M







]






]
T1N=6UP/C$T-RPP




]
T1N=6UP/C0Q-BPP




M9VX]


]




M/3-$;G5M/B@T-2PP




]


M-C(L



]



S8L
M

]
M






#`I

M
S0X+#`P

C0S+#8Y
3QS

3


]
T1T






]



]











]




]
M
T1N=6UP/C4U+#`P

]
T1P



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]


]



]
M

S0W+#(R




]



]


#`I/'-P86X^

M


]

2PP

#0L





M
S$L(#(P





]




]








]




]









]
M




]


]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#`P




]





]
T1N=6T^*#$L




]






]





]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-2PV





]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L




]





]








M('-T;V-K(&1I=FED96YD+!3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#@Y


]









S`L



]
T1N=6UP/C(W-BPQ
M




M9VX]


]
M

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4R



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N
M(#,Q+`R

M

M;7`^)`Y-PP




2PY.#0L




3(L.3(R+#@S


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]






]


]
M








]



S@L






3`W+#`P


]


RPP





M


]
M




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q





]
T1N=6T^*#0Y.2PP
#`I/'-P86X^

S`U+#`P
M

]

M
C$L






M1&YU;3XH
2PQ.3
L


M(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U




]
T1N=6T^
M*#8P
BPP




]




]





]


]
T1N=6T^*#0T+#`P


]


]
T1T


30U
M+#`P



@;VX@;&]N9R!T
M97)M(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y



M='



M9W


2PP

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
BPP
#`I

]




M



RPP

3
L




RPP




]

]
T1N

BPP




]



]







M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0U-BPP










#`P

M-S0L



3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D
M7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C-6$P8F-A8R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5






]





]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@




M=#H@


M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=\Q
34E

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

M4V5R:68G/B8C
M



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I
M9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q



M;F









M/B8C




T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[

T0G

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


30V.W

M+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G

M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&EN9R!*=6EC97

M;VYT.B`Q










T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D97(M



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97




M='
@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-I


@:6YC


M86-C;W5N='


M;'


M86P@5&EM97


3`P

T0G

M.B`R-'!X.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M5&EM97

















M92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='


N($%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

Y.2PP

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B,Q-C`[/]P/@T*#0H\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'-P

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M



M=#H@



M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M

M97


@






M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D

3$U



M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


\

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@







@:7

M=&4@9&]W;B!T:&4@87-S970@=&\@:71S(&5S=&EM871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E
M+B!&;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



M;BP@5&EM97





M.B`R-'!X.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@


L(%-E


M8G)A;F0@;F%M97

M9FQO=W



M=&AE(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4@=7-E9G5L(&QI9F4@:7









@:7


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/CQI/D8I/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T





T0G9F]N=#H@



M;R`D
C4P+#`P

2P@
C`Q
RX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD-


M8V5S('=I=&@@:&EG:!Q=6%L:71Y(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G
N


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V


2P@
C`Q
RP-G1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9!T=V\@8W5S=&]M


M('EE87(@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

#`P(@R
M,R4I(&%N9`D-#(T+#`P

#$R('1H90T*



PP,#`@*#(U)2D@86YD(0S
M-#`L






M='D@;V8@:71S('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@86YD(&)O='1L:6YG(&]F(&)E=F5R86=E


@


@86YD('1H92!#;VUP




M5&EM97

M)B


N($%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


M



2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R
#$R+CPO

@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M+6AE:6=H=#H@






M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


28C

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SY,979E;`R)B

'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^3&5V96P@,R8C,34Q.U5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U=',@
M8F%S960-F]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


'!T+VYO


M9B!F:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S#0IA;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
L('-U8V@@87
@









M86QU97
@9'5E('1O('1H92!F86-T('1H870@=&AE(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&5S


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M)W=I9'1H.B`R-'!X.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M('-A;&5S/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-CQP

M5&EM97

M)B







@;F]T(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@

M97AP96YS97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P
M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





@87)E(&-O;7!R:7-E9`T*;V8@




M97

Q



M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L\+W`^#0H-

M969I='



M96YC97

@


@=6YC97)T86EN+B!4

30V.W







34E
M)SXF(S$V

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97








@;F]T






M;W)M86P@5&EM97

@


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M871E9`D,RPX,#0L,#`P(&%N9`D
BPS-#4L


M=#H@

M




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY&;W(@=&AE('EE
M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M5&AE('!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

S$L








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


@3F5W(%)O





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


@3F5W(%)O




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C8E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$W+#(U




34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

M5&EM97


M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C





M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI
M8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D






T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M)#$Q
2PP

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M97)I9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R

M;&4]




T0G9F]N=#H@






M('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

M4T(I('=H97)E87




M=&UE;G0@:7



M('1H92!N;VXM96UP;&]Y964L(&]P=&EO;@T*9W)A;G1S(&%R92!I;6UE9&EA





M5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS#0IS=&]C:R!O

M=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97




M;VYS('5S960@:6X@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97
M365R=&]N($]P=&EO;B!0


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97








34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



38P.SPO

@3F5W


C`Q


C`Q





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[




M;&EA8FEL:71I97

M871E;65N='



@:6UM:6YE;G0N(%1H
M:7
@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7


@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R#0HQ-2P@
C`Q
RP@




M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B















@96YT:71I
M97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M4T(L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I='

M('1H92!!;65R:6-A;B!);G-T:71U=&4@;V8@0V5R=&EF:65D(%!U8FQI8R!!




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
M
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]
'0^)SQP


T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T+S$Q-24@


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M5&EM97

M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M/C
L
3$X+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

RPU
C0L

M(#$Q-24G/B8C




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97


Q



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#(N




Q-C`[


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P
M7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





M

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP

M5&EM97






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3@E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PX
CDL
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE


M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
S
X+#`P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


BPQ-S0L

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q
M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C








34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


L

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPS-3$L

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P




T0G9F]N=#H@


L-#(R+#`P
#PO





M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@97AP
M96YS92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S#0IA
M;F0@
C`Q
B!W87
@)#0T-2PP
#`@86YD(0V,3(L,#`P+!R97-P96-T:79E




Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R(&EN8VQU

M
34L


S$L


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


M83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S





]

T1)1#!%



S$L(#(P
M
3




M9VX]





T0G9F]N=#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@


M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M(S$V


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(#$Q-24G/B8C





34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

C0L

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V





M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY6:7)G:6PF(S$T-CMS+!#:&EN82!#;VQA+!A


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R




M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M





M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M86P@5&EM97


3`P

T0G




Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

;V%N(&9E97


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

#`L

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@








M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH-#`L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:68G/B@R-BPP

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

RPP

38\+V9O

M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
M
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]



]




M


3$U)2!#86QI8G)I


@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





C`Q
RP@=&AE(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET



2P@

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R


M



M(#

2P@
C`Q






P@,C`Q,RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V%S(&=R86YT960-F%N(&]V97(M
M861V86YC92!O;B!I='


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

Q-C`[

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M96QO=R`D
3`P+#`P
!A;F0@82!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]V96YA;G0@=&AA=!T


@;V8@)#4P



M(0Q,#`L,#`P+!A;F0@9'5R:6YG(#(P
3
@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97AP96YD

Q+`R,#$S+!T:&4@0V]M




;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
M
&)C86



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#




]
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L






M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M-24G/B8C

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BPR.3@L

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@






3(@;6]N=&AS(&%F=&5R('1H92!C;VUM96YC
M96UE;G0@9&%T92!T;R!T:&4@96YD(&]F('1H92!L96%S92!T97)M(&%T('1H

M($-O;7!A;GD@9&5T97)M:6YE9!I=!H860@8V]N=&EN=6EN9PT*:6YV;VQV





#`N#0I-;VYT:&QY('!A




M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N
M('=I=&@@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!O8FQI9V%T:6]N+`T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M:7-S=65D(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O9B`T
#`L





@=V5R92!V86QU

BPP




BXR-3L@=&5R;2!O9B`U('EE87)S.R!V;VQA=&EL
M:71Y(&]F(#DQ+C
V)0T*=&\@

34E('1O(#(N
C`E+B!4:&4@
M-#`P+#`P

@)#4P+#`P

#$S(&%N

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\

#$S(&%N

BPX-S0L

M;BP@5&EM97







T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9RUL969T.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@




Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

3DP+#`P
#PO9F]N



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V




Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



@


Q-C`[


3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D
M9%]A.35E7S8S

3
N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5



S$L(#(P
M
3


]







M4V5R:68G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G
M9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\


@
M1W)O=7`L($Q



#$S*2P@:7





M86P@5&EM97


3`P

T0G

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M

38P.SPO=&0^

T0R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



38P.SPO=&0^

T0R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



38P.SPO=&0^


T0G



M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

#PO9F]N


M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D





34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M5&EM97




M(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('5N9&5R('1H92!T97)M(&QO86X@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI
M8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/C$V-2PP




M969T.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

C`Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF
M(S$V



Q


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B


M;G0]

2!R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#







T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#
E.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@

34E

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^3V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@56YD97(@0V%P:71A;!,96%S97,\+V(^/]F;VYT

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


M97)A=&EO;G
@=VET:!A;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@=F%L=64@;V8@)#0Q-2PP,#`@
M=6YD97(@,3(@;F]N+6-A;F-E;&%B;&4@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97




2P@
C`Q

M92!L96%S97



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M;W)M86P@5&EM97




M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

@16YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

M/C$P

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-RPP


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH

@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M97


Q-C`[




34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



3@\

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S






M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#(N



Q-C`[


3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D
M9%]A.35E7S8S

34N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5


]



M



T1T;W`^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S)R!%


34E($-A;&EB

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I
M9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@



M5&EM97

M)B


M97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/]P/@T*


M:69Y)SY397)I97

@;V8-C4P
M,PP


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T:&5R92!W97)E#0HY+#0Q
2!A
M;F0@

T0G9F]N=#H@





@02!0

M;BUC=6UU;&%T:79E(&1I=FED96YD+B!4:&4@9&EV:61E;F0@8V%N(&)E('!A






M:6)U=&EO;G


S$L(#(P
M
3



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M(&$@8VAA;F=E(&]F(&-O;G1R;VP@979E;G0L('1H96XL('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@

M('-E8W5R:71I97





M

M;VXL('1O(')E9&5E;2!A;&P@;W(@86YY#0IP;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H92!397)I
M97



-B0Q,XP









N(%=E(&%R92!O8FQI9V%T960@





C`Q
RP@
2PP



C`Q
BP@
S8L
C$P('-H


M=&5D(&EN=&\@
30T+#@T

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@86YY('-H







M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z








@=&\@


#`N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


S$L(#(P
3

-

M;BP@5&EM97





M(&%N;G5A;!N;VXM8W5M=6QA=&EV92!D:79I9&5N9!P87EA8FQE('%U87)T

N(%1H92!D:79I9&5N







M(&%R92!E;G1I=&QE9X@1'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R
#$R+`D,CDL,#`P#0II;B!D:79I9&5N9',@=V5R92!A8V-R=65D
M(&%N9`D
S@L


Q
R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B!$=7)I



3DL
C$T('-H


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P







M+#4P

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


65A

3

M9`Q+#(U,!S:&%R97

M=`D-XP


M+C$S('1O#0HD

RPP
M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A
M.35E7S8S

38N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$
$5

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



T1T;W`^4W1O


34E

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M=&EO;G

@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V





M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M

M97


C`P

#$@4W1O8VL@

M('1H92!2965D)B

N(#(P

M*'1H90T*)B


M;W1H('!L86YS('-H86QL(&)E(&=R86YT960@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64@
M8GD@=&AE($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!#;VUM:71T964N($EN9&EV:61U86QS#0IE
M;&EG:6)L92!T;R!R96-E:79E(&]P=&EO;G
@:6YC;'5D92!E;7!L;WEE97
@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL(&-O;G-U;'1A;G1S('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N

@
M=&AA;B`Q

#`L
#`P(&%N9`Q+#4P,PP


M(#(P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


#`@86YD(#$P+#`P




N


N(%1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&]P=&EO
M;G



#`P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9!H87
@8F5E

R+#`P
P@=VAI8V@@=VEL;!B92!A;6]R=&EZ
M960@87

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@


M;'D@)#(N-#


M1&5C96UB97(@
C
L(#(P

M

#`@


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@)#4L
#`P(&EN('1H92!Y96%R(&5N
M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


S0X+#
S



@9G)O;2!C97)T86EN

S`L

M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




P+#`P
M

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W87

M97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&5A8V@@;W!T:6]N(&%W

M=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@
M4V5R:68G/EEE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C






M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
'!E8W1E
M9!D:79I9&5N9'

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


34Q.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF
M(S$V

N
#PO9F]N=#X\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




3$U



@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M;&4]






T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



S$L
M(#(P
3
@86YD(&-H86YG97

@=&AE;B!E

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

M





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





Q-C`[



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



3$U




M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@




24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V

#@L
S
T

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D]U='-T86YD:6YG
M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




M:6=H=#H@




Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





34E)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T





T0G9F]N=#H@


M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Y+#
S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

N-SPO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

C8Y+#`X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

N
#PO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#

@;V8-
MB0S+#`W,PP

M=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




30V.W

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(&-H86YG97
@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R('1H96X@96YD
M960@:7


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U



Q-C`[

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q-C`[


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE


M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE





3$U



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C`V+#(U
M





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

RPS
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XW-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q


M


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]

@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V



M9&5N=#H@+3`N




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=`\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
M



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




Q

M97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4@*'EE87)S*3PO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M97

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





M(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M+6AE:6=H=#H@




24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

T0G
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O;G0^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

CDL

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M



M)B

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

BXW.#PO


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)#4N

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

#`\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
M

S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C8Y+#`X
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M:#H@

M;&4]

M)W=I9'1H.B`R.7!X.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




2P@
C`Q
R!T:&5R92!W


@8F5T
M=V5E;B`D
BXQ







M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M5&EM97



M:#H@

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@




M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





34E)SXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@
M







T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@




24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@
M4V5R:68G/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

2XV

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@




Q-C`[


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M4V5R:68G/C8N

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
S$W+#(U

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D5X

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G

M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M


Q+`R,#$S/]F


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)B


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#$L.38S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

M5&EM97




M86P@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X




30V.W

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




@;W!T:6]N

@8F%S960@



M97)I;V1S('=I=&AI;B!T:&4@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF92!O9B!T:&4@=V%R

@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(%4N(%
N(%1R96%S=7)Y('EI96QD(&EN


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M5&EM97


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

M/C(P+#@P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BXR-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

34\+V9O

M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3`Q+#DV
SPO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L






M97


]
M


]
T1R;SX-





'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R



T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-





M(#(P
S

M

30V.W


L(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@:&%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@






M87@@8F5N969I='



@9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@9&5R96-O9VYI=&EO;BP@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



Q


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T

@;F]T#0IA8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]R('!E;F%L

&EN9R!J=7)I
M<V1I8W1I;VYS('1O('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES('-U8FIE8W0N/]P


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M9B!T87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M90T*8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@





@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@87


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A
M;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@


S$L(#(P



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M:#H@-3@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



T0G9F]N=#H@

#`L

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`L

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M)B


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3L\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V






M






@87

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E




M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X)3L@

M5&EM97

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M-24G/B8C





34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[



T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU
M95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@86YD
M($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]






#`E.R!B


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3(I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


M(S$V

N


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD#0HR

3DV+#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M-24G/B8C




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V





T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97

M86YY)B


@:&%V92!B965N(&%C8W)U960@:6X@=&AE



S1C
%\R
M93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

M;G0]

2!R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T0P('-T




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

3
I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\




'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X



@=&AE;B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!F

3DL

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V


30V.W

@;F]T(')E9VES=&5R960@87








M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
M
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

]











'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L\+W`^


M;F0@82!C;VUP86YY(&-O;G1R;VQL960@8GD@='=O(&)R;W1H97)S(&]F($-H

M92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@86=R965M96YT(')E;6%I;G
-FEN(&5F9F5C=!U



M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


2P@
C`Q

S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
M
S
P8S5A
&)C86








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]







T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30L#0I#;VUP

M-S

30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T

@8F%S:7

M+C$T(&%N9`D-XP

M
34L


L(%-E
'0M:6YD


M



30V.W
@9F]R;65R($-&3R!A;F0@9F]R;65R($-/3R!R97-I



C`Q-BX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86=R965D


3`P)2!V97-T960@87


30N

@=VAI8V@@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@

34Q+#`P

@=&AE(&9A
M:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&]P=&EO;G


M92!O9@T*

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







38U+#4P







M83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S





]

T1)1#!%


@*%!O

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]





T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$P

M:61T:#H@


T0G

'!T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;B!*86YU87)Y(#$Y.3$N($EN(#(P
#$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-H86YG960@


M;F1I97

N#0I792!C=7)R96YT;'D@;6%N=69A8W1U

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


#L\+W1D/@T*

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@







34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-#8[




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


M/B8C

M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97











M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@

M(&%M;W5N='






T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV



#`E.R!B;W)D


M4V5R
M:68G/B8C

34E($-A;&EB

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M0RD\+VD^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M




M=64@=')A9&4@86-C;W5N='


'!T+VYO




S$L
M(#(P
3
-F%N9`R


M;6%T96QY(0S,C0L,#`P(&%N9`D
SDY+#`P


]


M;&4]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

C1P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T

'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






@8V%L8W5L871E9`T*


@
M87


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N








M;B!T:&4@87-S970@=&\@:71S(&5S=&EM871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E+B!&;W(@
M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T


]

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



'!T+S$Q-24@


M

M;G

@3F5W






M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


2X@5&AE<V4@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E





@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L



M8V5E9'

S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
M


]


#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=\Q
34E($-A

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;VYT.B`Q


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



C4P+#`P
!A=!$

2P@
C`Q

M26X@87-S97-S:6YG('1H92!R:7-K+`T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS('!O

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^

2P@
C`Q
M
RP-G1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9!T=V\@8W5S=&]M97)S('=H;R!A8V-O=6YT

S(E(&%N9`Q,4@;V8@:71S('-A;&5S


#`P(@R,R4I(&%N9`D-#(T+#`P
M


M;W5N='


PP,#`@*#(U)2D@86YD(0S-#`L

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M8W1I;VX@86YD(&)O='1L:6YG(&]F(&)E=F5R86=E('!R;V1U8W1S+B!4:&4@


@879A:6QA8FQE#0IF;W(@










M:79E;'D@;V8@86QL#0IP=7)C:&%S97
N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S
M(&%N9`R



M;&%N8V4@;V8@86-C;W5N='

2P@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R






M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





M;VYT.B`Q


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



T0G9F]N=#H@





M92!I;G!U='





M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


L

M
B8C

@



F(S$U
M

M
30V.W
@87-S=6UP=&EO;G










M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M





]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





3$U


M






T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M97)N86P@=')A;G-F97(@8V]S='


M9V]O9'

@:6YC;'5D92!L86)O










T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M=#H@



'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V












M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=#H@

M+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@










M960@9F]R('1H92!N970@=&%X(&5F9F5C='


@;V8@87-S971S


@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA






3$U

M/CQB/DLI/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M







M:71E;7


@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('-A;&5S+CPO

@3F5W



M5&EM97



L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!S;&]T=&EN9R!F965S

M
S0U+#`P


]





#`E.R!B;W)D97(M

M4V5R:68G
M/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@

@

M;BP@5&EM97















T0G9F]N=#H@











34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


M



M


M(#$Q-24G/B8C



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

Q-RPR-3
\+V9O



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4



M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY397)I97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

SDL
S
T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


]




M


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.'!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


C`L
#`P(&%N9`D,3$Q+#`P,P@9F]R('1H


]






Q

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:'0Z(#`N.'!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M




M9'

@=&AE('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!A=V%R






M=6ER96UE;G1S(&)Y('1H92!N;VXM96UP;&]Y964L(&]P=&EO;@T*9W)A;G1S



M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P

@




M365R=&]N($]P=&EO;B!0

-



M365R









M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



M5&EM97


3
M
#0N(%1H:7

M:71I97




M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M:6YG('1H92!L:7%U:61A=&EO;@T*8F%S:7
@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX@56YD

M9R!P97)I;V1S('1H97)E869T97(N(%1H:7


M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

2`R,#$S+!T:&4@1D%30B!I<W-U960@05-5(#(P
3
M
3$-





@=7!D871E(&1O97
@;F]T(')E

@86YD(&ES(&5F


C`Q
RP@86YD(&EN=&5R


M:7


30V.W

@;V8@





@06-C;W5N=&%N='
L(&%N9!T:&4-
ME-E8W5R:71I97

30V.W



M-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







@86YD(%-U


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]

]




]



M:69Y)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@:7

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


M9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`Q+C9P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O






T0G9F]N=#H@


M.'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T


T1T;W`^4V-H

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
30E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


C4S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

S$Y+#(Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


Y+#

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

#PO


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



3$U




Q-C`[

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^


M
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]






]

M.B`Q









T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

RPQ
3@L

M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X




T0G;&EN

M97



M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXV+#(Y
RPP

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T

3
T8S!?
M
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C-6$P



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#




]




M86P@5&EM97


3`P

T0G




Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

86YD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

38P.SPO

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/C$L
3`X+#`P



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M5&EM97


M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M-S
W+#`P




T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

S.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C`L

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E
M)SXF(S$V



Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

S0L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M4V5R:68G/C8L-#@R+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

S4Q+#`P
M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

BPP



P7S)E.#!?
M-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S





]

T1)1#!%2$@^#0H@(`@(`\

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\




M

@5')A9&5M87)K

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL










34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C(Y+#`P



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#(Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


]

]


M5&EM97


3`P)3L@

T0G=F5R

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

;V%N(&9E97


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ
#`L

M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W












34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-#`L

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B@R-BPP

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


]
T1R


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M



M;&4]



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C







M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N




M/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C
M86








3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

]
M

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


@3F5W(%)O



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-3@E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

BPX-S0L
#`P

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@



M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M








34E)SXF(S$V

C4X+#`P


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M5&EM97


M)B

@









M



3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
30W+#`P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M92!O9B!!9V=R96=A=&4@1G5T=7)E($]B;&EG871I;VYS(%5N9&5R('1H92!&


M97


@=6YD97(@=&AE#0IF:6YA;F-I


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-SDE.R!P

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

3$L

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M:68G/C(P

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M4V5R:68G/C$S-2PP


M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

38P+#`P
M



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^







34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

C(L

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P










]
T1R



]



3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(#$Q-24G/B8C


Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E




M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$S





M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$R





T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X



24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-C0W+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

38U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M)B


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN

M97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

'!T)SX\+W`^/'-P86X^

M9'5L92!O9B!!9V=R96=A=&4@1G5T=7)E($]B;&EG871I;VYS(%5N9&5R('1H





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L@;&EN

M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@






34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR

'!T)SX\+W`^


M
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R





6QE/3-$

L(%-E






M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X)3L@=&5X


M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D







3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C0L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$X

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M





34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

C
S+#`P




M9RUL969T.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S



M

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


3@U+#`P




'!T
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97


Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T
M9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

P+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



]






]



]
T1T



@=VET:&EN#0IT:&4@8V]N=')A

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:6=H=#H@


M


@3F5W(%)O



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X)3L@=&5X


24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

34Q.SPO9F]N=#X\


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M4V5R:68G/C
N





M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@




Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





3$U



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]


]
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
M


M:&4@='=O('EE87)S('1H96X@96YD960@:7


@3F5W






34E
M)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M=#H@


T0R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E











34E)SXF(S$V





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PQ-S(L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P




6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V






M

T0G9F]N=#H@

3`L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



M=#H@





34E)SXF
M(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


Q


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M



M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT





T0G9F]N=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30L

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M




3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S0X+#
S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M=#H@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXF(S$V





M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C





34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M4V5R:68G/C
N

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


L

#PO



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


W+#`P
#PO



]

M;CH@

Q

2P@
C`Q
M



M:#H@

M;&4]




38P.SPO

M


@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C







T0G

M;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P



M



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30L
M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

34E)SXF
M(S$V

W
PR-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=#H@







@


M;BP@5&EM97





M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q
M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
S$L(#(P
3

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M97

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

@17AE

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V






M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

XP,2`M(0Q+CDY

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XS-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/C$N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

34E)SXF(S$V
M

#`\+V9O;G0^

34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`M(0V+CDY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+#`P

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

M=#H@


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXR-CDL

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


]

T0G

M;W)M86P@5&EM97



2P@
M
C`Q

M

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W)M86P@5&EM97



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4\

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T+VYO



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



L








M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


S$L(#(P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL






M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B



@3F5W



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PQ

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

BXT
#PO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


'0M86QI

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C

M=#H@









M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

BXT-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




3$U




@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

2PY-C
\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V




M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



2P@
C`Q

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


3$U


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



2P@
C`Q

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A;&EB


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M3G5M8F5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

34E)SXF(S$V
M



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

M+#@P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V





M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

34\+V9O;G0^

M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3PO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C






@3F5W(%)O



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

3`Q+#DV
SPO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-

3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T
M-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C-6$P8F-A8R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5:1CX-B`@(`@(#QT


M

S$L(#(P
3



]



M($EN8V]M92!487@@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




30V.W
@9&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE#0IT87@@87-S


#L\+W`^








M=#H@


M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#



T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X





38P.SPO

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/C8L
#`P+#`P


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W




3$U





T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=F5R



T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


]


!R871E('1O('1H92!5+E




M:#H@

M;&4]


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M



M;F5T(&]F(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH


34E)SXF(S$V



















T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T
M-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C-6$P8F-A8R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]
M


T1T



]

]


M;VYT.B`Q


M;65N='

2P@
M
C`Q


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




M:68G/EEE87(@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W





3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


3!P



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&5F=#H@




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
BPP




P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E
M7S8S






]



@*$1E=&%I;'


M(&-O;'-P86X]




]






M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


CDN
#`E/'-P86X^

C0N
#`E




]
M

T1T;W`^4V%L97




M;7`^
3(P+#`P


]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C



@9G)O;2!C

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4X

]


]


T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@5'=O/]T9#X-B`@



]






@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]






]

@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]


M9VX]

M:6YI;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]




T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=7-E9G5L(&QI9F4@
M;V8@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG4#$R

]

]
M





]



]



T1T;W`^

]









]
M





]

]


]

]
M





S$W+#(U
SQS

]



T1T;W`^4&]T96YT:6%L;'D@9&EL=71I=F4@

]







]


]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C8S.2PS




S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
M
S
P8S5A
&)C86







M86QI9VX]

L
3$X+#`P






M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A
M.35E7S8S





^


M1$E$





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\



]
T1R


]


M
34L

M1&YU;7`^
S`Y+#`P

]
T1P


2PP



P7S)E.#!?
M-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S





]

T1)1#!%
4U!0SX-B`@(`@



]



]




]

]
M


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S8S+#`P



T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E

]
T1N


]

BPP


RPP
M



]
T1N=6T^*#(L
S4Q+#`P

]
T1R974^


L-C@V+#`P



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


#`\





]
T1T

@5')A9&5M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5FER9VELPI)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]




]

]
M





C0L



]


M

CDL






]

M1&5F97)R960@1FEN86YC:6YG($9E97
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



]



;V%N(&9E97




M9VX]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-30L

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
M
&)C86




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



]




T1T;W`^





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
M
S
P8S5A
&)C86

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




@

M
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'




]

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

#$T(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


3$

2P@
C`Q

M34

]

]


M(#0L-3(T+#`P


]



#`L


]



]








]

#`L




T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV


#`L



]


M9F%C:6QI='D@96QI9VEB;&4@=&\@86-C;W5N='


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M






]
T1T






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N




]

]
M





]





]





T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV

#`L



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]
M








]








]





]





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-V$Q,S1C,%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU
M95\V,S,P8S5A,&)C86,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&

M='



T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



M.2XY


M;7`^-#`P+#`P


]


]



T1T;W`^5V%R

@97AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]



M




M;7`^
BPW.#0L


BPX-S0L




]

]










T1T;W`^











]

]




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPX
M-S0L








]
T1N=6T^
M*#DP+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

#`P/'-P86X^


M7V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C-6$P8F-A8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)






#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

2PP

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$V


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Y


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(R
BPP


3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?
M-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W
M83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\

]


]




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3$

2P@
C`Q

@1FEN86YC

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$W+#`P





]

]
T1T97AT


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




]
M



]
M

]



M
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
M




^+RH@1&\@


$4U





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M


]


]

#QS

]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$V-2PP



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


#`P


M
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04


M5&5R;2!






]


3


]





T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]









]

]

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



#DL



T1T;W`^




]

]



M9VX]

]




]






3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
M
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S
M-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5!0D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




96%S97
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



T1T;W`^

#`L

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C0L

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3(L


S
L


]

M1&YU;3XH-#@L


]






]






]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@.3@L

M97AT4&%R=%]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86
-









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#








M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]





T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O





]



]






T1T;W`^4')E


]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^-2XP


]










]






3

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT





]
M




]



]


M8VL@8V]N=F5R=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0L

30T+#@T



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]




]





]
M



3(W+#@P








]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





T1T;W`^3&5G86P@86YD(&)R;VME

2PP
#`\



]
T1T



]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


#(\





]



]
T1N=6UP/C
Q.2PR


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`P


]






#`L



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




]




BPY
M.3(L.#

M1&YU;7`^
3(L
#@T+#8W


]





]



]







]





]







]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



3
T
M8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5+1D%)

M/3-$


@86YD(%=A


CXP

]
T1T:#Y$96

#DL
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]




T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@8V]M




M97-T:6YG+!N970@;V8@9F]R9F5I='5R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


S(W+#`P


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]









]






M:&%R92!A;F0@)#(N



T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y









T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!R97!R:6-I

]
T1T






]


M
S

M;7`^-#`X+#


]







]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]


]







]




M;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



U



]



T1T;W`^

]
T1T



]


]





]





]
T1T







T1T;W`^
C`P
2!3


]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C4P



]





M





]
T1T




M87)E(&]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]


P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S
S!C-6$P8F-A



]
T1R97!O




M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R


]






]



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG




]
T1N=6UP
M/C@N

M1&YU;7`^.2XP


]




'0O:'1M



]

M;V8@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N($%C=&EV:71Y(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M



]



]

#QS


M


]
T1N=6T^*#





]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C8P
M-RPP


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXW



]






]

]
T1T97AT




\



#`\

M(#$L-C
W+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PV







]
M




]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@
M+2!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F($5A8V@@3W!T:6]N($%W87)D
M($1E=&%I;'



T1T;W`^
M3F]N=F5S=&5D+!3:&%R97,@1W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]
T1T97AT


S
L
S



]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
W




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]




]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P
M7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C(V.2PP.#




]


]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^


M.3`L
S



]
T1T97AT



M($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@5'=O(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0R.2PP

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P



]




]

]
M


]






T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT





]


]


P7S)E.#!?
M-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S





]

T1)1#!%
5=!13X-B`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

M/3-$=&]P/D%G9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6
@5F%L=64L($]U='-T86YD:6YG


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M87)R86YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]

S$W+#(U



T1T


]
T1N=6T^*#4W



]





S$W+#(U


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P
2PY-C




M=71S=&%N9&EN9RP@0F5G:6YN:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M





T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@079E

@*%EE87)S*2P@17AE







]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?
M-C
S
&

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@+2!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!787)R86YT



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]



]

M
#







]





M;7`^

]













]
M


]


S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
M
S
P8S5A
&)C86


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;!N



#`L



BPU
#`L
M


]

#
S/'-P86X^


]


S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?
M83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^




T1T;W`^/'-T


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP
#`L

M86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#0P
M




3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&
U83!B
M8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E
M.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





M(%)A=&4@*$1E=&%I;'


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


]
T1T



]
T1N=6T^*#










]
T1N
M=6UP/C


]



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-V$Q,S1C,%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU
M95\V,S,P8S5A,&)C86,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8C=A
3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&

M='
O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU
M95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J





96%S97
@*$1E=&%I;'






]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@V
M+#`P

]

M



M

M=&]P/C(P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-V$Q
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU
M95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J














]


S
L





]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]F9F5R965S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]








3
T8S!?
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y
M-65?-C
S
&
U83!B8V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(W83$S-&
P7S)E.#!?-#1D9%]A.35E7S8S


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$500D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

@3F%R





]

M;G


]





]



3
T8S!?
M
F4X
%\T-&1D7V$Y-65?-C
S
&

O4VAE970V


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

^
R!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\





#$T/&)R/E-U8G-E



]


]





]




]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]




T1T


]


M





]


#`N
#`E




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
34Q+#`P




]
T1N=6UP


]


]




]




]
T1N=6UP/C4Y


]






]



L($=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]









]



]

S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?
M83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86


M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
M
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-BYH=&UL(B\^

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB

D
S1C
%\R93@P7S0T9&1?83DU95\V
S
P8S5A
&)C86
M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















 2013


 2013 to May 31




 2013

          



 2013

          



 2011






 2013






        
        

524
000

023
000
        
        
        
        

500
000
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        

000

000


        

800
000
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        

524
000

023
000

500
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

				07
				 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        

				08
				 2014


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

capital leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
57
000
    

    
    
    
40
000
    

    
    
    
24
000
    

    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
233
000
    

    
    
    
(48
000
    

    
    
    
185
000
    

    
    
    
79
000
    

    
    
    
106
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
647
000
    
    
    
575
000
    

    
    
    
(165
000
    
    
    
(176
000
    

    
    
    
482
000
    
    
    
399
000
    




        
        




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
165
000
    

    
    
    
482
000
    

    
    
    
647
000
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Nonvested
 Shares Outstanding
 Beginning

836
        


Nonvested
 Shares Granted

000

000


Nonvested
 Shares Vested

251)
        


Nonvested
 Shares Forfeited

334)
        


Nonvested
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending

251

836


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding
 Beginning balance
        
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Granted
        
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Vested
        
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Forfeited
        
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding
 Ending balance
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

056
000
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000


        

784
000

874
000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

31
 2013 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    

Outstanding at January 1
 2012
    
    
1
172
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(408
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(166
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2012
    
    
607
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
414
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(348
332
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2013
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
070
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2013
    
    
269
083
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
637
000
    




        
        

shares granted under the Company&#146;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2013 and changes during the year then ended is presented
below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2012
    
    
195
836
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
414
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(206
251
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
334
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2013
    
    
370
251
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

December 31
 2013 is as follows:



    
    
Options Outstanding at December 31
 2013
    
    
    
December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
190
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
166
999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
429
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
102
084
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
269
083
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


table summarizes warrant activity for the two years ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2011
    
    
2
006
870
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(574
622
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
114
995
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2012
    
    
317
253
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(215
290
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2013
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
579
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2013
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
579
000
    




        
        

warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
803
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
64
899
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
16
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

tax assets are as follows as of:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
400
000
    
    
    
6
000
000
    

    
    
    
(6
400
000
    
    
    
(6
000
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



 first-out)
or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
3
118
000
    
    
    
3
524
000
    

    
    
    
3
175
000
    
    
    
2
270
000
    

    
    
    
6
293
000
    
    
    
5
794
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

of December 31
 2013 are as follows:



Year ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
186
000
    

    
    
    
92
000
    

    
    
    
95
000
    

    
    
    
89
000
    

    
    
    
462
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

029
000
        



          

        
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        

000

000


        
        
        
        
        


Share based compensation options vesting
 net of forfeitures
        
        

000

000


        
        
        

000
        


        

000

000
        
        


        
exercise price of $1.14
 which were previously $2.06
per share
exercise price of $1.83
 which were previously $2.43
per share and $2.06 per share
        
        


        

				 2016
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        

000

000


        
        
        

332

334


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

070
000

637
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

290
        


        
        
        
warrants
exercised at prices between $2.10 per share and $2.77 per share (an average price of $2.45)
 resulting in proceeds to the Company
of $373
000 and 188
635 shares of common stock issued.
        


        
        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        

500
000
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

104
000

163
000


        

293
000

794
000


Trade accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $324
000 and $399
000
 respectively

143
000

961
000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

974
000

331
000


Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation of $2
796
000 and $2
351
000
 respectively

686
000

422
000


        

029
000

029
000


Deferred financing fees
 net of amortization of $40
000 and $26
000
 respectively

000

000


        

749
000

836
000


        
        
        


        

612
000

368
000


        

000

000


        
        

000


        

524
000

023
000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

627
000

033
000


Long term financing obligation
 less current portion
 net of discount of $526
000 and $576
000
 respectively

147
000

208
000


Capital leases payable
 less current portion

000

000


Term loan
 less current portion

000

000


        

362
000

738
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 12
992
832 and 12
084
673 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

000

000


        

276
000

996
000


        

984
000)

459
000)


        

387
000

098
000


        

749
000

836
000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

784
000

874
000


        

000)

000)


Financing obligation
 net of discount

258
000

298
000


        

000)

000)


        

147
000

208
000




        
          

        
          
            

 net of discount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

520
000)

000)


        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000)

000


        
        
        


        

000)

000)


        

000)

000


        

000)

000)


        

000

058
000


        

000)

000)


        

193
000)

177
000


        
        
        


        

000)

000)


        

000)

000)


        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        

000
        


        

000)

000)


        

000)

000)


        

000)

000)


        

501
000

000)


        

736
000

000)


        

000)

000


        

163
000

000


        

104
000

163
000


        
        
        


        

000

000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amounts of gains and losses from fair value changes included in earnings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding payroll
 income and excise taxes
 if not included elsewhere
 that could include production
 real and personal property
 and other selling and distribution-related taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

963



          

        


        

803


        
        


        
        



          

        


        

899


        
        


        
        



          

        


        

261


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

941

285
111



          

        
        


        

963

253



          

        
        


        

644

644



          

        
        


        
        

214



          

        
        


        

334

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        

156


        

				 2006
        


        
        
        


        

420
        


        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    



 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage
Corporation to Reed&#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily
in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.
We currently manufacture
 market and sell seven unique product lines:



    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Brews


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&#146;s Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas


    
    
    

    
    
Culture Club Kombucha


    
    
    

    
    
China Colas


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Chews


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Ice Creams


    
    
    

    
    
    



stores
 supermarket chains
 and upscale gourmet stores in the United States and Canada.


        
        


    
    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable
lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions
made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.


        
        


    
    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#146;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#146;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2013
and 2012
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $324
000 and $399
000
 respectively.


        
        


    
    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company
did not recognize any impairments for its property and equipment.


        
        


    
    
    



indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these brand names
will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are assessed
for impairment annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our
impairment test
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible
asset with its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined
by its discounted cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible assets.


        
        


    
    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2013. The Company
may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
the Company&#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances
in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


 2013
the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 32% and 10% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2012
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
 respectively. No other
customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2013 the Company had accounts receivable due from
two customers who comprised $571
000 (23%) and $424
000 (17%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2012 the
Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 respectively
 of its total
accounts receivable.


contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage products. The Company has different packers available
for their production of products. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling
plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 29% and 24%
 respectively of all
purchases. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had
accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 21% and 27% of its total accounts payable
respectively. No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012.


        
        


    
    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.

 other than the
quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.

on the Company&#146;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of long-term
loans approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on these loans are reset each year based on prevailing
market interest rates.


recorded to be valued on the basis above at December 31
 2013 and 2012.


        
        



    
    
    



costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
and inventory write-off. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which
may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred
rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related to the production of our products are classified
as operating expenses.



        
        


    
    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.


        
        


    
    
    



approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future
deductibility is uncertain. The Company&#146;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters
in income tax expense.


        
        


    
    
    



a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally
occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures
performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items.
Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012 approximated $3
804
000 and $2
345
000
 respectively.


        
        


    
    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation as their effect is antidilutive.


 2013 and 2012
 the calculations
of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive effect. The
potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
317
253
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
41
644
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
319
214
    

    
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
607
000
    

    
    
    
778
941
    
    
    
1
285
111
    




        
        


    
    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $120
000 and $111
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
        


    
    
    



options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance
with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined
at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn
the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period
on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option
grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.


stock options and warrants grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model
 and based on actual
experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense
recorded in future periods.


        
        


    
    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-04. This update clarifies how entities measure obligations
resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting
date. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This
update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07
to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
 the update provides guidance for
recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements prepared using the liquidation
basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements under the liquidation basis
of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&#146;s financial
position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
which provides guidance relating to the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The update provides that
a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit would be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating
loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward
 if such settlement is required or expected in the event the
uncertain tax position is disallowed. This update does not require any new recurring disclosures and is effective for public entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have
an impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

118
000

524
000


        

175
000

270
000


Inventory
 total

293
000

794
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 first-out)
or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
3
118
000
    
    
    
3
524
000
    

    
    
    
3
175
000
    
    
    
2
270
000
    

    
    
    
6
293
000
    
    
    
5
794
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    




    
    
    



 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage
Corporation to Reed&#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily
in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.
We currently manufacture
 market and sell seven unique product lines:



    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Brews


    
    
    

    
    
Virgil&#146;s Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas


    
    
    

    
    
Culture Club Kombucha


    
    
    

    
    
China Colas


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Chews


    
    
    

    
    
Reed&#146;s Ginger Ice Creams


    
    
    

    
    
    



in natural food stores
 supermarket chains
 and upscale gourmet stores in the United States and Canada.



    
    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives
of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions
made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#146;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#146;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At December 31
 2013 and
2012
 the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately $324
000 and $399
000
 respectively.



    
    
    



cost. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment or increase production
capacity are capitalized
 and expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize
any impairments for its property and equipment.



    
    
    



brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these brand names will contribute
cash flows to the Company perpetually. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are assessed for impairment
annually and evaluated annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. As part of our impairment test
we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset
is impaired. If further testing is necessary
 we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with
its book value. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 as determined by its discounted
cash flows
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible assets.



    
    
    



deposit with banks are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2013. The Company
may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
the Company&#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances
in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


 2013
the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 32% and 10% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended
December 31
 2012
 the Company had two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
 respectively. No other
customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2013 the Company had accounts receivable due from
two customers who comprised $571
000 (23%) and $424
000 (17%) of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2012 the
Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 respectively
 of its total
accounts receivable.


contract packer for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage products. The Company has different packers available
for their production of products. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling
plant
 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.


December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had one vendor which accounted for approximately 29% and 24%
 respectively of all
purchases. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had
accounts payable due to a vendor who comprised 21% and 27% of its total accounts payable
respectively. No other account was in excess of 10% of the balance of accounts payable as of December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012.



    
    
    



the fair value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the
balance sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs
to fair valuation of these financial assets:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.

 other than the
quoted prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.

on the Company&#146;s assumptions.


and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 notes payable
and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of long-term
loans approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on these loans are reset each year based on prevailing
market interest rates.


recorded to be valued on the basis above at December 31
 2013 and 2012.



    
    
    



costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight
charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Additionally
 cost of goods sold consists of direct production costs in excess
of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
and inventory write-off. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which
may be lower than the actual costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred
rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced. Expenses not related to the production of our products are classified
as operating expenses.



    
    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    
    



approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes that allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets
based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it
is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future deductibility
is uncertain. The Company&#146;s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax
expense.



    
    
    



a product when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured
 which generally
occurs when the product is shipped. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures
performed. The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items.
Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives for customers
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012 approximated $3
804
000 and $2
345
000
 respectively.



    
    
    



by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
during the year.&#160;Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares are excluded
from the computation if their effect is antidilutive.


 2013
and 2012
 the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an
anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
317
253
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
41
644
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
319
214
    

    
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
607
000
    

    
    
    
778
941
    
    
    
1
285
111
    




    
    
    



and are included in selling expense in the amount of $120
000 and $111
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



    
    
    



options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance
with the authoritative guidance of the FASB whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined
at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn
the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period
on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee
 option
grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date.


stock options and warrants grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model
 which uses certain assumptions
related to risk-free interest rates
 expected volatility
 expected life of the stock options or warrants
 and future dividends.
Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model
 and based on actual
experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense
recorded in future periods.



    
    
    



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-04. This update clarifies how entities measure obligations
resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting
date. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This
update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07
to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
 the update provides guidance for
recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements prepared using the liquidation
basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements under the liquidation basis
of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have an impact on the Company&#146;s financial
position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
which provides guidance relating to the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The update provides that
a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit would be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating
loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward
 if such settlement is required or expected in the event the
uncertain tax position is disallowed. This update does not require any new recurring disclosures and is effective for public entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods thereafter. This update is not expected to have
an impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.


issued by the FASB
 including its Emerging Issues Task Force
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and the
Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
present or future consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

000

000


        

796
000

351
000


Accumulated Amortization
 deferred financing fees

000

000


Discount
 long term financing obligation

000

000


        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

500
000

500
000


Common stock
 shares issued

992
832

084
673


Common stock
 shares outstanding

992
832

084
673



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000


        

411

411


        

411

411



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000


        
        

602


        
        

602




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



 2013 and 2012
 the Company
had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts available were approximately
$17.8 million and $16.5 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $13.3 million and $12.5million for state purposes respectively.
The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires in 2018. Given the Company&#146;s history of net operating
losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit
of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit.


 2007
 the Company
adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return
should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position
only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This
guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim
periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not
have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and no adjustment was required at adoption.


interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has not
accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally
 tax years 2007 through 2013 remain open to examination
by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.


by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the carryforwards
and will recognize a deferred tax asset at that time.


tax assets are as follows as of:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
400
000
    
    
    
6
000
000
    

    
    
    
(6
400
000
    
    
    
(6
000
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001493152-14-000826-xbrl.zip


#$S
3(S
2YX
M;6Q55`D``[[C







!
YX?HP2N.N&@Q?2#Q]4S
W
HWSB
MHX?F49X\ZK*1YQ1SRAWQ4($;%1R_4K56VJLECTO6GDKR807N)@]R)?;KM:-9

^$E7_A^U)M
EQO*2M@/



!


GKG8^)(^-\?VN
M

-ZKG-]WT`A39S?@%#$IF;M](S]#`ELRYRT&


*Y*!9


N*2B7JJ9&(]%V
S)1/UEY1
C.CFQ99



M@




MC_^($+8+`7?%SUZ%U!Y[S&YS38)(D-QT+=VH*VH(W.-G?VH)V8*W^&T'
M:PN*:0M6L2FM5H*_U6
=Y)KK1H*+FYYS!=/=SCU[IA\@,!._2A%%/SD.9N!
MDEOF0:#EWD0UO\JJ:^H@XL!`(_TG11`GA?)FT:?\6#FBS[C45]V*J51JC7B

ME-BUB=1%PP/-:^?&).%(+7:7+A&^)0YW&5!I7FT\5AL35EPR'\W8\W'.+U






#'2EW;Q[C*I(L@]<B?UZ

MJ


B7U



=-#IH%TR\U(
M2OR:*X=ZOS(J\_)22C

^0&P%?PW?S
7OV:G01C

+A4&;V4KEIU
M?P7RFOSCPK/H.EX27?57TK5_L)QQ3.0U^]=29U%6KS?JRY79*VC;:S26*[<I
M/P@YBZA2K7'<JY58B^AJE[=/V@L4U:S\;U7/5A*YV.'V!9`J4_^)?3\2K2Q

.AOQ

M/'ONJ


7S)/0@0%X@

MG6?4ZGL'M54SFG[_2_NS\!T#@HMX&IJ3FEE3J%]=`#WJ].XRM/[$IF8:WF
M8O`U3&35W0V57Z2NQ'&_42]B-TQJ#;@
GRE3(S+N.4W3R--(7#)C.:QV81E[





G;6@T[UM1#Q@_(:$(AH^B
MN/3C[DAG]?W@Z93$Q)0D[W1#X*I\'(2GI`V207*L%*K'?Q`FM!R2_)=\G_


M7\H



%X)



^1

M





M



&0T:]?J*Z\XX&$PNM0R-F!S4VRYT%E*_@Q2@


M;/!$JKO==/.Q'=$:M47!7+&65K



M

M9X$WE':3D`JJ0G`=V`P
A.F]8/R
MJ-V;B0$?ZE(=*8-9S4ACE!AF5QB%`PV6`?CJ.]Z]'<=BOKL$8
]7;/80WUK
M8FP3_T/7+(ZS(\50.^J8DTR--PFT4&O9&(DW0LCJPFA**P3=P(Y4Y&@F]
MCMUAF)XF$#,C7*JX'A-5*;W?)JWM?%WT9N(PWNLO^1FFRAX'&E4H41`DSAF

QCQA$9%H8U)G-%`VM&N

?EB*N\XA[




+?2EOS:&/:[J&:KI6'/[D:E/0PT=K]0C


BD</01I.$4+A8:[OM@(96BLK^KAQ\'*ZXRF&1E!PP_U[VN$S0T

!E2UI]_4R;AI/D2$ZGW=$
MT


M_)4]9E0QZKPKYF*=$Z[

MSS/G+.`X\:SW2F+?2686\W^SH*66S1V*U/+!CO?3_ZNJN_DD4B(IDJ)D'BS.



8(XESCW`:A(7P$LG&PQQFP_-)AN.`0X_Z
CZ.

MAMJ/Q']U\*

;
M6V+XQ

8Y^(;LK72T)5Z
M







5_=\J?*W-+^\
M%HJL)W_W5[_^[

7(HNW_^;-#8E






L_DPM/@E^0B]K8*X\`5J3A4WLT%%,@0@U+1+[U$ZL!BKT%M;\;AZ&3


M%V!N&6)QW(Z

M52:H=$%I+SJKZV\VIB$9DU*9VPL

M)+.#:KSN(WE%Y!9+W$9D'EU%(H(=?8P&_S%BWZ


M)H=Q'FT.TR!^%=RAXO:5OP\=7D%!/.S'G\=$%ZTEW*F4)TTJ?87M8J+F`&41
M8`T0OPDII2#(



M

M/4QF(H=:_I:H$#=Q=Q%W%W&^B^S_5MWIO)%;]PM'
T?`8*G*N\NW6#-ESL!X


MXM5ZP]&X@^+M+(:#+^&/)^ZZ?P:WZ2





D_H#(
M[1(B(;30B-
NH%5T*`]2;)/7L]%:L-&MP?\F?=NL'0\AVNM_<<.%#4PZ
'!

H1FRE`.RU##9*H+:3VUD+

2A`CO0]#AZYMQ(?X1Q'
N3S+BB?*;P0D`ZB@9_&,1TWAUQO3?F&B4LNR
MK8OP-X9%OQ`-Z!5'YZJ5<OOU!1^/,LN9\T0@<#A$II





8)U8**%.9K*!D[:('FA#[DQ0&QFM



%;&=XXSSXN;!3`&D4F#5]#8&7C14W*
MG?JMD@_E8L4O#RC=,]@)BPH8(LIVIXTAHB:Y<8QT!/!'*GYN$]%4^+Y$A
[P13R..T0,NBR?^L$&43=F

M'[[YLN_4JRJ/R=!%LWTDR=


K]<H8^+
MD


MTIW_R(%UW]/+*?R
!;K6JHLZ



W9YFB]CYA4`8)C+EQU(D5BJRO/NJN\&8W&

MS?D_B)H22/QAKF^1_-UM
`A/MQX
@<OBLKUDV&.CKNC8X1RSD`'L&*ZWE2U-E'B/B/SL.?J2
M(5H&Q_RS=
]'7





MV
\UR'C:WB?\;&23&@AOOK)&[OMCGJ5-R4/TY)\@`
W=AVT.`%Y2F^USBOI-


ND!0)WW'


H04:G@WO

'8AHGECY&%]95++R/Y-ZT07V0#ZP_`Y0<=UJ931$2Q?<^%:X-A+P@
M/F-E.#.OS!$%^;V!-MR.WBK?MKXN(Y3W.F5=6LH
%`[\E8$84E6QOE@@+9AG
MM&#&$UT1.





M

C8=,Y4^UHQC@]P6:,*$-D
M';?0`3J-A_,;X^=A7<'G'+2)ZAGMCP.HJ:XUQ%X!^.?=GHXP48*FQBG-_CC
MO'0ZN-JZIV?ZP
S

]5M3_YL4?W#PP/YA)7\JVT)Q^*_Z;:GKVXM9PU/;U



MUF_%G[13VA4BG82#4NX%X/0=%)$QMY4.E^QM]M6#7S[:)FR7BSW1O!=
K.DZ
GNHXYY
M@V_401_^M=$=Y4DW?=930'E8MG4AT$*-)_@5_!4TB+'1$<@8_AF?HJ]<[FWS
MZ3U2#KHLXIGW1JI*?U8']*.@)E)1%6\-VN,IICI8&J!8EKR0AM/!J/YF%:P$
M*#16IH`6:L48+)LFB1P[E)W#=Z+`S9YX]@7CN[IHD]&8M.5I8%%@=92U!*(

ME1=+PX$]MAV7AI!BL





M?5TH'+4WF(PB(HO66:MFK)KG3RS'+3;I.[%*ED+'?6FDP'1L6.QKU#;WG=


5)4J#J32V1Y]VV%HW

CE^_X)G5*H3R5F2



74BH26E+.\Q*/*.:8K]6N2]09QQ48'][=F*#=T?Z&E8#HQ'_+_Q7(
M`GY,E+D*O%7ZC0EGSU@9SW0?;@JUU@;8)EABVK+U:G&S7#30\?K:4^P0)G
MA@Z!/).Z[SV7/\7Z[!\+()%AH7&;=)FU&'-*Z#`P+59?H#I@
LD5O*OP5R\
M5IK7#M/NN6*_Z*1&

M

02\ZFC46\VRIKQ-9[[#]\7;.-AMH2`2:$J0%-_


Q[I

(HO
M1BYJG2K6]4A0@%/Q)+)?LL\NBTBUH[$5%M
6



+3DBB:I-
M$9**Z]B

#R
M9C@C_1N+O=.G:(_O7[9LG`/#4%S9/AI21J)A(Q`.[^F[G4SB/9FZHI=MVC


M0R'L.!3?:'Q(W_$
#H





3;RR@GGW3


M@S
C8@QP?X&C@6$!&]0-A7L4$V
UPLB(7^P($:'\&T6#*.FTV.$,(%$V(P
M0=B:QE\8#Z*H,W_%SL+Q!?]3II\X#-_^^)L&;7\R6(K`3
LPOLQ`8@AX
:O


9-

D43HDA([9

XE*CFM*
M)
C-Y7%SV:$BV'







/[N+(
KYA?3DD4VX*#U-X1CLZ:BD[)

JJ668Y(.T2[0X_;


I#X?=??-62TVW




+9JY$5SWKF0YNG\Q]!:J[^/??5/S%TA5FX*U=GDY
JP]H;$

21G.N=V\
FRJG`5^MW'LI;_@


MA^.I;$R=8V.&=`M2B3BB@MK&!9O'VS98LH&FX802\RMO]07[!41C!S&$^27)
MH.VZ9\Q20LQ0OO#%@A-$/2/2H);#0Q
^


=Y
FPSP'5@!AGU

M7]G&XZ:R.I
LB7\VP@S








7C\;%G&?(39




^T7
M=


0QN;CV
2\2:2)*T\_%M
M;C:XRB
S

)T.JPVEO/!CPR0N)O0Q'.T%Z!1(1O/]\


@AYK`SU&;U0V4MFAK%!7IU'7`/!
MXW$U%Q









]W)EP[\(M@<\`&\J'KX#C28;GG[U:N@N[
MP@E^EZ<[8Z=N)1Y^Q1*NJO-A'DE)F;]:R@O['.HTEXCG(!P,G+7AK]TO;,&,
M)\SBOI3=[JYMY[WMWWLKW[Q<+`B_N-&3V095;(!T[A_7Y:6.M=4.'EB
JIE

OSS=[Q&K96%0
M#!5^-AG^`+H+C`O'


M

M&!)SGCA3?`LU




M]R*+)1'6PG
(EURW@E8KU*B]1MGR4
`;75\@L%5?N8$;W'`6X#%[Z-C
MB22AY$5(N&=8)0+J%?LPTMVJ8%4LUCX&0-:1*C!A&`@:Z4IGS


%P*!Y:CZ^=\)



Z_\F

8/MYC_;2)?
C86XE64$WEHC`

@8/J5)).1/Q^(




MBK1A=@68


MX7A#W]OV7](N$`W4
\R2O2(!1A3V=G)Y
D9`6$_1M[JPW;_0A^2+



P@Y7

4


M:EO=+_81G+(M46)G`T'L6!(['(E?J:
??TJV#HK2SHW\[:F[0YZ2_Q[ZU`ZF


$$
M0\ND(#BU7J0&Z3B'C;FMV


#0CK1DC
7;1


ME(I#Y+^.N.1AN.3?K0B]XOQ2J2K/3
HL5]5#N(;7Z$E\VW[





3*F7KO
EC.EQ_/V=O$D]?\`;1^8U%5*]DW0/V




M]#G^BPQK]V*_P6?F?%^!M4_-^&=7$/1L5263F4[L]IX(DY/9XV9YIDPX!J





M&^$]P\Q-\?PI3T-P]#NCH8C1(/6*2'


?%

Y]=2O!.#DN@21



(G




\1%+'P











F_5V$V*2
M-BE^I=OO53I'





Q!/HL%
[E1K5.I_/6:7R%+?HH9!E[)UN+9M7S@%%
M\

SS8^N-:;\P4;AGV=9%^!O#HE\L](V!


:
+M!V5'

VQ-ILF#9LN(XNE2'48='OBAQ

MDG%(ZW3P6*(FJA$2NIWK'2/:8SG

MJGMM+YDI:^:H

MFZ1B\+.V)-O/!/2#1ELV
M6S^X60)Y_R$B,`E=!'G+IBTU`LQR.*.,2:#
M(]1\1-XY'&
2
!9'0




?Z#$D4[
MP9'*P^94(!!)N%K\BA`#X8='1!*D

M8M`Z

#04T##1'=

M`Q$#PPN@R0/0






<S)R:!&<O?<X)5R=;\Q4I*\:KA8@KS/SO`KN^N\8MEF/_[
M@^?X[`?EY[+#9RRW\/#98O


]+Y
&WR[

M&]5.H)VHJR;#1JG+!_/AJ-BE)%O)8P[_8'=KC*^\,V&NR?RMP.E,=O'U\;


MQ:-A

@/__&-#3[D_$8]=\H:B=/)

MF



0V:
2C([.6Y)PS#$_

M.)/4R/#;41?A:A*PX

M05!%:Y!/DV*8=JSEO01GBG^WY#O8WA2F_+






6V_&.Y?US`L3+9B!@81

KH/&@
M_=M
A_





MM.*^MSW0PN&G43CI&TOY#=.PV


M(W%NQ[

!-;S;(E483N

M4


M+/O=Y+I26#[:NL7UIL-
W4
/F2)-C*A%%/7TTTXQ2A<L
M35G1VA0[TB#:Q]51?









]-^;N!9.;[8+HGVAU2N
CN!U3D+=QL_YQ3FSB9

I6PY7I?UY3X/F\IYZZK3


EFGYI.%7JA!?=2



WJC:9]P:S

#F!+4AX'SLX

M=.(JJ
ULE\B%BD0N#.$%HQB`'XT54]Z^A#A]W6XTLAO'5QZOA/-;ZB=R)W=L
M/VN!K]@4::TW$LI!VTCL%MDMLEODJTF3$?&AX;@FN-%!?Z`J%\H;M7C5SKD!


=%GOIE9NE+E]IS




&D20
M)S^4F.$0)89==Y4/(!_+6!E$08U6PYOCZ]GS%KX:E'B!Z7A^.




EH2PSG7\&0;VCX555+=%I_1%C=G4+4A8G@JU55O


M8^^LOS/)T\TY_66
5UK7M
MW
IDZ(]
=T^NPBP;=8VO6MF(E2IP33`'G[==IIBT5$5WB11[M0VEEJ@RZY#5
MFG\!+ZWR#CGX]*[


MT0$A'ADW6C+CEP^69W@O=[`%QN+:M'4O%O^Y=&]7//XSN1@.?E!\R^!_\-WE

M

!1UL1QZ



MKKU1!]/M`]*COP&SX`PS_ZT,N%/(.I(B4ZLC76PG:]OG))BF-K:KYO*0OU
`1X7*/^DKL/9`3+7AKO4KB;7SBV?_^D$K9:\_NM9?B0&P


MV!


#+3`_6E






L@OKW'G;D`^#
LU%G5.@B##

FGR4O_4]U]
Y4IKN*?_0+1]-69&?6IM[7_4'30'4]53IV5@
M=K/PW8!CS6XH_UQ4?L4][,VD_7L:EM[V!MXV-%5V!KWII^XZGWIV1+-AJ%
M5OLLMZ&I^$F[Z6F[J+9*0(Y-GD`3FQA9\:YCREYC*+1.7=9ZUAKHGB9+%







M6N$`E







$_^XK


$H[/FW'R)H%N#8CL*^[XQ
MG*YQ0[U7E]I3U5%O/B_:1JR[O$[I\IKTM3K[P[1WA*-KZ/:.<'36G)^KM.<%
MJ('H:52<@CCANJTIXW/*(O]_*X0K3\ZQ?K+




/]ZV+E
[L
M#C(`?\VP')[Z2K/AO=H\$7(

MR.!X`&E@$A.L(.RQ&(I(H#UH0'9/`Q8T!MBH;($U(@/M
&Q'-`7[X=DH2HM'
MV!
4
`3&_$K`F&G.2`/@C95Q_.1Q&]L

@2
\$:ZVCY
;


-?LWO%U
%3!'



/PQDD_*$NV
&#][O_^

M:N`3]WF42R7P4GC.U@D&NAH2K&EO

AJ5W



M4S=X`.``G!\[+DNF@JB3T5EQ0SP

MD7HNPL2RO$P`NQ_
_E-EPBYI*
.

M?



M=HF;*;EE)T%W&[EQ2!CNGS0:6Q9]..UR6#N9/U69OP3YTA^*PN5T$M])_*E*




M\W*QP


AP4G_VQ[
MS`6C%B7@P*6KDWAI3
K0)6?/5]
T*3K[E;XQ/-W\R
#0:%284;S?'9LCI5KB9=WJP)#J(DET$SW+(F<E-MWPU


)91:]]4IK


%H
M/#^0O

O/YH=1%
M_K3]-E1(L\?49V+4

MD]%LFE!^6?



M#'OGH.0&*^29ZU5X.B?C^!V8F*($!47Y
$GDG.VA(&Y?!Y9FD&.Q_#=8Y@2J

M503/MA`=E2^B'
0]J%EU$$7Q/F@1233=\F*?G35]



=F9`U5P;U9

M\YJX&TBE3EKJD-(*BR4.TY*3I(RDP?+*LA$OEKKD-H*FR

94QV$%4Y6+4O/:#0?#PG?4;S59N?3HU1:N=76M^C
M8]




7V!FIV_S%]NJ%WJ$OP%

3[1Q*II;12PAL8J0Q;7D[QM

Z

C1FI:O[(%?/*`?(I][TV5TU3!&U@3-)77




I4@Z)'ZD#6:C
MR;1RDM0JXCRCR413ZV+6092I@Y%:.65J(9LF@[(94)8
#U?
LY*4X76C54U9

M#:@]JZ


[KIW!13<.T9/^3LSGQ@VR`1:=<N]$`0_&TOO$3\[
M^/%7171K7`#_](W+?E'D3S_$NN;MZ[FYJ[%FZ8ZWAS06_!,$H+G&C\`TV/K

MV8]-M5L=CWJ#P:`9!IYPZW&0LO$)MJ1M1H:&)42HG;JJ'LF9M*-I])GVJS\1

M^.TLB4^?.E5Y@HI#96Q#?,1E-65]0-XLFML(/&[RU:^B;M2.*3YSC=,]%E%
M$.5O=\/YG[%JS?Q3-TKW)WWQ
?#B=5:\46$GP%A7?OK8&GCDUC9'^S16)C

%![]'$Q
MD[)X!


C%

M

O+59L?:*Z#L;*?S#`.5D1N7PBVU[


M`?V

R$X*CRV%-^;D_G8B6(GB@T1\]6VX_*UXWN_&6#/(?T_Y
MAX^05D4$L=90:&7)V!60Q/-H(A$^#)Y%@4@3$WC/1A%-&ZU:VO217
]V




V*</#+,AWUEY`
4)3HC33YC7GDK=WA*9X/!U.3Z/DY#@%











RXV%$)0N


MUF



3\_NC1B$8Y


&
M
8:TWG368*/O5@QV[CLZ*U4Q__KR2?[039_;YTO#I8!@EQ!09_'66.N*]%[%

MH:JM+^CN]KF?9Y7B+QWID;!08IKYPM$.T2[RU?=70WJAL]MMOLUFRV5@K9




%EM0P.K9\!YYWW0:+[JP

+

'8K$W+G\(1]9@


G%`00[(W^@CQQ%1_SI_AN!@.&8JT[+#:M(1+@%/9]PRP\

..2AY0.:\/_^QKWS+^J;A*G87-O2




G`]I<Y8W0$M*V$6'[Y'($







+5^612




)^G--(YC+[XLB6?


P:2I0

$87O^%GNYYP%V



M@U^^IQCXC

4H7$9SK#E'_
H\-N!L[:W=



H[



E=IM7F(
MS;[(-95NTS4:K&:P!OL$#LI`&1TWZZM5O9.Z3H'985G`LW7M0D\OC-NKYN

MEY%?E
LUEGXK#MLXS`4!BT80.T589\;_J$(PR4


M4Q_DLPHK57P*-N_*=LL@Y:4(1QRE+&.FU'2[#YC4P2'%=(^IN3/L
.C&?TYH


_7BZKT#YN?62*/]&Z]$$B_N@GWQI.Q8.YO8()L





B

9C'XK#(1AN5UD
MVYI+_T0WLYU-2XHVBNEX65T#F'8:Q]%F+T6.TR'

M4+5RYAUSH_=5I;FW:AH6.Q86]E4*EQC;24(&RG=%$V&I\4%(W57T^011V3
MCV)D-'Z



M+4;H8#`=OT)&UFMH&3912J\/


MZE-G

*M7O.-32FVYKFIMJ?-J'RRC%XRZKC

-KH


M5NW/]X8ZJEE.VUE7^





MQR2Z2

Q68T$A9O_



JN.A%JYLSWPY-@X[L%ZNL4WW?^77<-'<ISBL[^[?[K0_=^[`SKD;
8




DJC^;FMT[W965A.X
ME0]U^MSOCWJX@')#0(2-Y;G&&3+'ADHNA;4(J5-DU);3[2&DZ$GWF4_0EP



N[4QFB\77T!Q0-Z


['#A.;X39@7;O*`6[[V





M`S!T$)`[UUV$*),6E00)I!0VP-_`N73[IAZO?4





MD6




41`<8?VLA8``/LN`0`5`!P`<F5E9TR
M
#$S
3(S

Q4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.T]

M'OGU!W!(#DB`(


MZDT/_^%=_
L[N[CZ=AHB&7?;L_/S_YX=9IL?\RIY(X`PGMA7Y^0UL='K.F


MU`]=&UW1
7B7KE:`O%[/[]`B0G-J6W1H^CY.Z=B


AJAQPF
MLM
5F@IJ^/A*CTI]#/W&6GK4R5N/$'=ICF9]%(-&/'K4:@'W'OWH#I8&@
$C
M(3WZM!%8\S]G




MY/?P)4E!.Y





=^RP]U

M08&'$;WEE1'Z
\-QN/YOZDV\
\7:W9@3VV:V'

MOH4^1$\L7X=2VSY*E5!ZZCFVK!X=SIU3UW6RA$2X.R0JJ-Y.3R5O+*M$SIUS

68J&-Z9-\U7



K'.*X=.WN(RP5AVUP=E?GVNK2T\$SFGNB=0.W0
M-M;3T3L7=*1@UCG%G*$G%

Q.=Z5':V+ZGU=:3@EGG%
.%



90.C?0YA7


MH





MY

MBW75=L


=:0##=[U9YTE=,K.DO@_
K=,;V!?<Y!;LK_L9
MDODR^E6Q)'C4$FH,$F7!LXI:P9?*0^AQI%N-I55DUY5B*C'H%@5OJJH%YRM


N0
M4D6UX*[YN'(

WIX.U+BGQ
MUJ1X&2VE

M1:AER




NO2



R<=M8O!

ZI

VZ9IOD/V[Z8MN?EM#W__VE[\

MFMO]

K^?T(

M6L_=N.4:-(KT-4\YO0G=:4_2S.47D.1W8QKX;=V#Z[L?M_S70
9E*O8?VKK4


1JQ)71]N9.;&(.


+YIBLG<@M7%#+1M&



A/;4@W?$E;-N#3OH)9IX%&

HMR


VN/`1UDHW



OEV=K;I=I.G#YS=O?O[\^3K&C_Y/3'XDKP.L

\KA&9_2[RS./CS
/TTIYHX]E
Z

M%9I[[/_4

'UFP))ESBP5(.]M


MN/0)%7Z!TC#P(RVFN)1F.&3?(F*@)-/Y](%-=Q0


VI`.JPK=]

M#7&!X_N]&T26IV%
)U=JD=.[*+Q76KM4:
UPR08YQ[Z4H\UVAF:(E53)MYA.

GA

A9%M'=ZTF2ADOFAWU+T#R+SBE[%;\]:$)O8!?T
M<XE3:KRA'T7/QV&4,?BN491






M%Q[MPRLZ\1J]]

5:A(
&/Q'+\\.$:P0Y






6HWXEF=KVZ'5]
H!)`2?`^XD

M
`4)J`:CU0$*\/5O&:I@M$6N50V@@UVPT$$P[3$`H?K:)`/;P'/YR=/#W0

QG&$4BKTVO

X$@`8F1W3TPY)AF:M845PL0G

5T

M

Y4]ZLS




-RX
M[$-X62_$TF+\+$DR7:P*FD'B5&


M+-=9:;&LM&2)J(:'DNIB52_5LLM[2O)DNE\^H!(D2WOY/P?N-.PIK6PW.O
M3MW7BR1U;H\6?GQ//X
8OA739/^#D/VR.R^
O7J'?_/*+ATX`&\9WWC#8KQA






4%O[ITM7S#
M:Q30EN**D5MUZZXA&)



M3'J$F#


X


T=U;O2?.[V-[EC
M)/FW5A+UQAJ.[_?8RWE%_3IJ[^MW#_FL'K1895VDM`MOU8=7[Z0OUAG7Y]@'

I:=S!P+OC8/6FO4

TZ/L*V]7)%%K
M'5U1[8!#GK
L8K:U@O)=YIWHMND[B[ANK:4M#WH'#(O\51'SK256[+7N0)+*




&OK%Z7@
1.


ORQ7R`%!:;F:

M;O`%2FN_`UR%#CTYC-%6$D'8&4YZK/-73





-'5M\]J=$[/9AH(;\KL6G0-89X[*#






M#MQW]6@XA+9VG/K0P6S#RY,#CP5Y03D0*TV=36(9$6+%RF'3T9FM#MYJRU



M'`^5*;#O7`@





M9X%UV7=TOAO3--U-'1S3-









3


`83F[@





M%9IEN4]^%G


L(E^S=HEH1OBJ@8^@(R$RFTL


9';&E?@'=2]W=.%
MS3*M=VDEPB5!RS#CH5722DG=Q4Q+`A`YRYF+.+Z7YPW76SF/1XM94/4.7IZK


MHI0#66ECHI23NG8ZOO-$J6Z9.S82I#5S-AQ.!=VS$^SHO:&MWJ.D@2A0S]B
M5ZFO%PBEQ0O!A\_KI\&GU,$FEP3353%]OJ0MTTD\._DKQ_8YLX&U^K-L/
W
O6TAJCTXC[N6(#N*!Y5Y

6@Y!BU_^:#E0.H

<R5D;J_#2C*[5GEQ@U?9K6:@N9WU6DWA6$4`
M1U=S$^BXO
(;0]#E]?\:D1`EDTO:)2($S?+]MVQ-$A!9NI`N_G*P#O=N;E
*
MI@^[X



MEP03*L8DCC
_:DP+5:$UA4E1WHG#('45!G3G[:8B%CS.DJ;1'?G)`O[*!$0.
M`Z?*/.C@F_VJ*NNX]



'3*W(-@

2)C^0KRA=8.J=/J(D+1
RV=MZ235K

64SKONRW!QRO=Y&RS;)69^Z#W%DH$''#C[SD



MW?+NEYW]'/H)FC%?C4[`?J%



MX^I7Y!^$P6Y%Y'R6NY









Y8M5-

\[C[))ZQ

%
M'9I


M)HI3/R1Y_NR$+E_+8FZXI,?IU0Q9W371:@V.6U'B9KU:'=-9Z=:@`RO*[E


^









?^(=_0'_XYGV$




?

MESF9'#;5NY2W-&=?%?E:^_FZ@7(-T2_I?2N/MR3YI$+Q'EF!2Q9).'5D5WM3
1NS
MJER\)*76@./3]Q8J=_%D)8!#)YLM!QBJ^5!G`GMN-#/E.^_@.S
VX7%P3


R.G6&FX/`/
M
ZWJ(LRDY

M2DX)!DU:]88P:HA10XV^18OE


M.MHL-$7Z((M


W)B)
M+3BFW'55QOF'X\:.MTE*CURU$=B0R*?#DBO8]5)]BN`PTJHU1$Q#!`P5UT6^

MZZ=H^4@6(\5K5T^MV])R^


MKO6XZM-X19)
O1YVN@1PT+12L`'IP&&AQNBHFZ^Z_SN=3]JJ%9OZKY$4S_
M#S42-IKH[Z!FFY_P8[)

?J4
M9`\G!8Z3ZCQ:)FE2O1K.O;4\?H^_+=3OGX)K&(*#R45+\4R\YD&<35<
(#6


M[PJH$
VL)GTYG3=@Z-1L\2`C@@$#C6:2WO_PWF^O:UV#DC10WZO=@8(.(@(L
M7
#'/_H%@?;D2TD:`3J4S`%'400F$[$`C^_&=HX;WE)F/@S46K346XFXFV

M[J^]KZ6#ZR&#GD+7B+?1YPYU?DJ*AR25)P;++R%-5+%VFF]VOPV4FIDI`(





%MM74=%]7I'T%]&2[9Q

/83::/'N^?\[C'?


Z3HJQV0+;Q
99;JOD?.+Z_+UNQ6'
M5V]D5KWGF-3DP2%FKZ.XQ5
D995O'LD:_W]_@^@S77Z2J\W9=\'2[0SY=;#R
M:*0ZR4O3$HO?:O-G!E2^.U;=9Y,_V=`?6O*BN%]2ZC\]TA

M&_3PC@!2'PM:*7J9TLW=S_4=FU+KHB5$WGI:J6#;U0(%C+Y6J:6XY53Z\-C-


M!*1T?`$P939#`BHU$S14&365P.K/

MZO:2\66$P2%EHYV02M+2(D8
&T&,A]*ZH`@TI7^4)!!9*A'(@`I0E+@Z@R
MTTA?


/SYN%<S&C=EPU3<.BX:CJ$4\/*7SYAS*C#
M/:6W*?'RFX?\Z=L8)]S1D'\






M7`Q/%S1T?N&C4+

M$#'*@+/+KH@?K\Y]M:W**LIBXK+4#E'+Y'FFL3!@
-]H.``!R4)-U=S3*;=X





%?/XA
Q-LIW\:.C
M!X
FR55V*(N**?4:-F+E&%`K1?IVZP&`JZGC.LHKWI\BI*=5LR



M@P

M($JMFP6



V``IU-

MHE;G!ANCA($]
2JU#E]#KP?LU@&PMBJ4^LEW+$K)$@`&;DRI^N:M&@4;I
L5





0&FU]Q4U(X]2@4=93

M@CL+-C!8M-=5EW0+:83GKDT!G1:CD8LPGE-.00

T`J
8P:@
`$$K%[G_#P`0]7;M:













M-OD$+

TH/9]I<\9U?FQ1Q&7V`M&U
MVI+48)$8!M@L--2E/


(
]UTD8:.IB6


ML!2WB1M+F=8VT7?`C+(9C1N.P\ZG:)9:T7R
OG7&BQF2O])_+^F`_7I+/H.2
M[/?TS2+V973_GGLGN(-,2EA:7[DWRFF_UBPS*BB2O[._J[*K!B]9IRX6!

@KJ62J)F+A3$8+FJ%&Q/(JH)6\=\M

9
T0?]QF;U$@ADHT]@A[`;QZ(F.







M.+Y

DSOWI-(-;%RGGWZ8-Y3IK;2?7:)(6-0IJAL
[`3_GV]`][O*?+P2\)W

(`


M.;&-_8C
5O@AR;+Z3N\KC@J(S0NP4%E/+U7C8IHO;&Y6CV7'MYM-RLHS16E3











**36TU5;S#UGN])R'XPU7%MU+HYHGA63:?GK-Y

0'*][J:UTJ:H7`IND
7:R





ME2?24GH[M-&KVI[(R

?4,4@5[+J%'$1P-6K4$)\(P*V!N%I7JTM

M
PV)?*)+KF`72GT*

Y\'M/'G8Q
M2T@BMF$&@T!7C86\S`[_/R

'Q

LH*7U


-P9TRM3U%5X4)`O?E
P(K7

/SVL
MZJ)C0X@W6[O2_S;EL29T]8?;)@)O=;
EBO=+]&L)P6#)8
8.7.'FBM;0XYA5F
M6_)Z+3/M8DZO`K4-(QC`N6BK*/93HAT]#@J[^?JIT1W=A`WK373ILO&%@Z
M*FQWNYK]5[-H/,6;`B\30&7/-!=TA_^M=:8CY`Y?JTWT_(*MEP(&&2/U=QX



8
M[+EH.T0AY46



RQ(1-L3X8&!M$=/W
MFI*RC@(LEP9&+J\/'-B9T'OE0
N\HC%0E*;T11S^2;3[)K0QV+ZF<K(MNIE:&Z5


5XE65)A&BH*6/.TX*3
MM%SQ`B359.&@R@P8V$__?53RC!ED&5_KZ/BU[EN)9W6#VRWQ=#/
=;#UI[-
MV\TD!R/:NTD6/




/






.
=@$
-=0!UIGZTV:OV+,C+@F
M3?Y(=Z2(K9/&Y\Y?@12LCVPBE\C=\1,0A]6$=ND&V]6V*JLH8[--.^2J'#7
N%).HLLODRB^R1E!\K.V2I.TD(ELHPP697CXB`*



*O2PC=@9!UG;W+^B%2;S4)2VOR94+
/D


M+UG-DB;$4+2'FMQOH5J]TOWZM'):
!`S*AYMXJ!=$'@##G0[1Y)@.6XO1V


-5



`!CW



ML6GMKF[BLZPUT1%B`F$


M(T$8TAMLO0I)EYA$\?@X2FDVT.TCQA6__W#\RM

M+]:;(G_BSY/^6.2E:A%LX/$)!OUNPC1,H!CHV60TPU/#/EI/R$'Y-EBLMV


:G=!I20&@RF3AD-(


M?NCP$[-K'15


8`)L6RT



MF[+J3:S!VNB!2T`4E2CB

M.2N9JODD7B@P.Q
TG.CCPY[%'OW_5;IW6%U#KE\'KKY?


M*OGAZTA)_H;)7J;NAL0H
EW<_`BG
M;P<:R3J5DK#,A9D'\4\Y+1%=Z55NQDJ2N]#6:ZJ

M+MZ;SS7/.9XF3TE






M_`X&
F7MA10BOC
M:=!2+!-



R

P!81N]PX4G?L5?876Q[A'?MF\#)4=\SBM<$L]#)T1-?HJ$#%Y^BD[)`\A/



M@OS*Z]BLZ3PW;PE'WW=YX7S`;C$Q]:+M\E%RU
&)92U+`$AY6;GHK2AWA0





KJ)


M]PDG(-(L%2;H*X(9F0ZFJRPJA1&2=S!28LF07V&B2

UJ:H

JWAM6HK-F_NSL&(UL=9\`2'DZ.B0TPU

M=_.MNPP8V!RON





(J*0\
IVOJEL:B-\

MN_96K-Q7PD#RV6_;I&H7X\T@E=80L&/QB5$;Y;N`U-&#09^%DD.HG72B(Y@.
M\Q(_1.DYQLIJ8+O?_=[F'JC5O\)=_P@&&D.-Q
PR\CNKCGI?Y+\2!*PP+#_S

MW8D0
W&H)

FL?KKMZ[
MZ
@


M$A/A218K7(&4

M[KB._@`ZQB9KO-\[X'+%V[

M







(XPJ@6C
M`R\

+HK/`3CF0QO@X

MZ514@JB&3[7C`O0XWT6V+&BAW5/






M2[OU83AAMF#R[AN



?LPWCXX;<]D!76*H=R^[`C

MPZ&X(V)CT7

M'Z6TI%6@@NG3YA![K=H'QI'[




/_Z(0U-QR:=:<[4??J-[R]9F*Z\E]U<QVN8$.




OO)


;J/)H?D/O9HZBG=QP@UWHS[
M&&_[-.[#



`3Y
-(
*7E[6'B/L)W]^7OZI0W+RNL::





M3H:/6/KY9/BK9-
VGGFE/


M$#8WZ6RC6?WIMSFPC?8*IZR
@0YR

M`E`J1

[52G2+LKUO:#Q[X<!XTW



MSDTZW9BV_C24P[XP9H=Z`WJN0=SN]P0;R(X:'
Y@'M6TTPUHI\^_K4$]QO1P

OO[W1_2'<Z`9S\2:
V6_J




MH02*0S)\;*UGI$&1UE%6RUY]7#57D5I4Y(VFDH\V=Q38Z2;$F6WJB*7E!$
L:*=))/N$
MZ(1-T47T!&+!3/'3V:):%;5,;*`48$)5&\M[&PPM'5;%KON)A#8R3,:[#@F5
MO(,:P8CY*LWGRV@ENA53TJ[G&&5_L_?*;8$+QY)AK<+4:+DN[<;UL+3NA


V^(4V%O`N0=0R0P_]/A
MPOR<-/&$#<7%00=YU^A],4YEO06(=^R0(/S/!X7P_9H%)'[W@NLPW8WI8=0



*)2KP7%D``&A1:
MJ6\;YS7A;-GR4J_&-BF-'L.!V6/FO*-!G?QY2TX82')55\S&(/PH80)0S0@


5=URG+HDX1.;9
ML@5QN0

=
M7

9\C6=

9S
J=[

37_UX!B:UY;
MA3(YA+
^Y


7:2D^FN
MX`GWMP1#N+PNZH)JC%(1DN\AU@/[FV(+&N\N;K991LB5`@$8JG:NX7+0@
M$U13()NQ'*%%L

(Z1DR.4*X]
`(H=


6UIO]@[600P:!O4=P`4%`3T#42:K%


M%-]7Q+


M`L+49NWY^
CYFE2?:H=%RN_

MK`YE1


ZMX%BXAPIY\`!
MH9UV]P%$N


M
@PO
YJNG4TAW*R][*1;?U[7#D9K)[1ZCCLD


#++D@]M39J4-7;?D`E@UHT8_0\F
M(DQ?YMD#38:ILT:C=%?W@D9RJY^:9*33I%Q*%X?.$H#U[TCUA1VS9?-6P%'



M+]MAV76/H+W;;

2L
5




T&AE'HBA@;L#X2DD1B\^S_GV<EVO:7/?SX-=I2T7:[A
M@]O-9J7U79O1TO^M@.%N6?^Y#L/Y\E+O86D[<`A


M76MWD4-Y3BC:DMOY9UQU?M/VMJ4


M;+S$$5F`:KM5PP*R



M`[E_=0J;^K
M3P^C[_(E^=^2NJ7^I;S+9)U4/VXCFGI$\P7KBFO745%)-IA&
MB8'6PWO8('8Z%\:\-G/:G;WGE
I##XU`FD;9U*/;4)EAD4#^9
Q@UA$#[56U
MINJ^H\L7&*G+73-X#B^-UNF;WA7.2FFJCHD#;C_IU-5W5M%PUL^5U[RANHSX
M]NJ5&O';-ME0\Q=+\B\R%=P]DLCMX;&^Y\[B]IV[D77E.$G@NG@O
R1=S^3Q


M((&6&GYG'
#C!%QM0P=`;O$#:6+B9K&VD3L$`)M9U`YL0RO?U^C_#+&1X;^F
Q
T

(

M&R=HO9T%%UE5)%F9+-G`E(0Z


D2[('$J]61;2LME%*=X?G`*WMI]\:A!WMGAS0'3P_UZJ@
MB.NBD89NM)HM&';_&\;WQ_#X?OC/RB^/_IPV`X`_W@P.?-3
O$X;B^U
R#

4L/+W@W?NIK@KV#&PK\


/
(EP^K



MUL@!LUM
TBNIJ9G.$/[S$R8
M:*C?^<81SP85M![0R)DKJNZ!YA3F_;;3AVW7*]N<_PVSVGF[*UN8[B0#:

M[FF8DV`=8$4J0


=3S/_W(FLRB15+=T#H%%DIZ<XMW%J]'7#]WM:_J?#


E`C





MU!$$H'



L%163#GJ;
M@OT]P2/T8X#BA$:+KIXS'^6R^UZF]+*Z=X4^!ETKNX8=6'.D&'T+56^AMZ

S1


<@YE4NFNSS?$I7QIR1+UMMUDX)RNL6::_,N_(!Z
M?I3:XNE,9U237N9R4T(M3D\1-01G.#5RO2+C$20E/JT1U%'%J_2S3?H^OI
M(*</&3!P/N<QA=[]WHKY`#[7=1]WYYGM04/H._/27OOV_6MC


#?VO&=2\&VL8+
MNPM^;RX2>M\6



MHEV:JL*_?^C0'$Q6/]+WK^A;*^=14@@O;OK_^EL$L+W1GC`MA`A
)41U0E0I
M@$Z8#[[%MGK
B^3O./Z2Q;A@)5RY@?2V5=F+O&YH`W4FF;HA=
&:0RSA1Q_P


M'F\&[WN:/SGPQ^ES&-@N'086'2#UU&2D;B,UJPKHF6UC5)ZG_7C#(L_VT\?
M+L[WMGCZI:*MF\:S1_H?G#/QR:/X1'\X=`.\I-];*[Z(6_5]_6MUJD:?Y,
MYK)-H0MV``=:;AH.T1`6]Z-

C0UBO;%QL!



M^K^__I]W[R:7'O'GOTS.0_?=5;`(_WURXZS)+Y//)1DX31OT]^=?R4_2:\

/^2H)Y&'V]N]H.NTJ2S2_OWS\_

M?WIW_?L=(?

3C[\U^3R[Y/SRYO?SWR/!

.'7SY\_.7D1R#%B9.D\9;B
M#R]_^?#A\@/]7][]K[X7?/N%_=^C$Y





M`D*5.B)S3RD;7MN!J`B#Y;L'$JTOO8`NKE0C9X^^MP3M79^PU#)/G(=.DJ*
MFNT&6B&V7,5?`[H\GCD;+W'\:T)-/5:`.D\U`JKOQ&87O/I^+--N13^YD01

_4@K&
M!=M/U0HN:(]FT1BT;



JI4+']'9!G
MG3'




M`WE)4D?-I*+;L+15I-;X+I1
]0C&*%;@W)^A;A_8@\=%^_S:9;`]\%&1=2[B
M+U[@K=-U]M=;YS7S(0@I[L7U

M)/[
_D[FV22O=+[UP7N&P4_N2R:5(

M1M\7I[
TR4+'J=RWUQGA;1JY*[JQ

M9/NWF@


8P$V&E;?0#^\NHW5!;BO;-K(EK^HM:%_*2
M$*I5\W(@1G7/G!'Z:S;&A_Q_)Y-WDW
O=OTPIIK
_E$



MD:JTJ4D[!V
\I(Y/A7=


_I1*

4^4.0RP

FTY$SNI@N


MH








M+`
[(%


:.

+8#%!W#K8?%]M'8O7F'/0=@JHW36U%9MW<.+]AV56T/Q=28)Z+OR58J!SOF
MG6#AAL`&Z`I%T%;?!%@Z=H!9*EQUM5=/NWIK*&3[<$_TF70\&5BTHY!T!X'



G=NTL9'P;`
MP&(ZGWM


(G%L=R&Q-XRYJ
[EML8;_F3D97;




M/I.`
N:SZ]7YV@L\QE3B/1$E6


MM]L

M8GZW
6+#Y\2.%.


MXL^B!-]KJQ'$WSUR'S\9'A*M/W843YV8S
O0WQNZS*PW?OA*2!D%G(6Z.2[#

%2

M%*.V&Z`



FW0MZ




VV1)&BT)\Q(\*456#P#;C.L=K
M_N
C'`;\EQGX]+?0Z!+N=Q%84(JA3\BF#I+X?@4N^8:`1




0+$2X&T1D#.Z-EC\J@+UH[5*+
L2C?A@_F9;AT)5!Z%IWY

IJE)*JP#15I-4;/8MKCUHB$-WX%05^
M53#$198%V6%FE$9?C&.OTB_@F!ED\4`WH=*Q\)+%!KX+!4C
#IN#;I)EQIO[

MQB!+DKH`7='S\'K`T[SG`

MP91#7W)C]]1D[&:);\U[%+%NR/J@)X



9FUG



M
IZ6)3#+2L8J=E5`5RC8QGPX0X







MVU[9;5+TPU/2SV$X?_9\GPJ]R8W.AJ@Y#.YUF(`\T$X)Z(Q=








M$!];80)%UTG6=[+MC%E99\?+`S7=8PIQ9LLK=SYU3]2'
+=@IG3(LI!F6WQL11)TSK:8_&OYT[^]]<0+@;%[
MXR14QK/%3L39]UY5CD)`O]$D1`#Y$4XX!)7Z&E-:+^+$6]/=5U)9KMD..TY0
M.TN%SZ@=(%![9[Y[YZSU4F*N0&)L@-W1GKGOIF66.Q`4A@+KEX
5='D79=%

J`=@!U/W*VVSR@A#_24_0=/PE
M(QT

MQX+YQ2OF)YMJK71E?DD_&^;=VZOMM]._FEE


MY-D]1.G!GL(T]

(



-(=-/
KR_.KL*FGB/ET
MS:B5'-CYS;$]3F(I.Q:@DBS^/(MB=@OG4YD7E29+VP






*IV0[;1]L=&C['=J`Q6]`3#P%/'D%S




M[Z^ZSAU'.S`Z])[8;6M8PVX)%VPK[:ZHJ64@AU@=E3(*;J9VU:C`(VF#P&
M]0K:A/KL.2!S[1-DQ^&PZR@-KB


V`%(A@+G'1-!FOQ*/4_
M/43.G*R=Z)LTQ^:'U@OJ[4G;#%1I_GWW)2O\=&]N5H\[O6:(Z7O
N+$FJ^/:
MNHR;*[J^+KS`2PC+JVPI6?4.1YZ#HSW0B/#3YLV./!T%V3NBV2

M@7%''==3`KX`S+PS\ZL7+:D=(7T+I=$&^PZDAR[6G/
\S@U=@9RMO



]/.26[?.`QZ0=)3FG:HA!5VIS&WWM'NA-J=
MS&TV6YQ1DCU80O4/GYKF)!NF8GY():%0YV3QT3'$!2UM^'&?92A$'(`CC$/

MQ&`1V&&C']^
V`2:1H;5\6@4SAN<]


M/0DNCS+'6*\AL0ODJ-'KSZ
-%VP/<
MB=YVNJ

7
MSAY64F9OT[


M=23S&:5Q.G]BL7(O,]T7UQ
(0TI;%/3(I*[UD
*OUG&I&+%Y?$L70^=1H)

M(/H_M/@18K+WX.8P6+YC!L\V66[V2(^)15HI)-CYAU:P
QN2VK;K2H+\;M!C


+JYN58;B
MR#IA7UNK`Z0A7-CDDCT&1^]5TL?@Z+%'ZAH[UH\Z4M=H/+JQ`_NHX]%KD5$.
_SJC;]*<
M.PZ&O8$!



S;!QL)HU'F@]58C

MAZ0\5P$E/F5+R-?`*3?5QD*MJ+VK

`[VS0@
[8[








LP



M!HXR)I
O\&-

YC$F\S!B

RA3*W)@S:M11F=MU

MSL+U)@R8;T.^GBNZV;'JZ.VK?$XJ5V.(*#5H4Y5R$S2W#!69QC5`$C!DQ4YQ

DY=Y0
M1'#QY;

!S`0!]<0^_<%FC880



.&'GDAXM0.,BI;`(X.DG:#@
MX/M#`+R/_U*ZPJ1^1!H



59X;NU69EDW&Z*


M(D$W*&1=L?
*.VAEH0=Q\[6%2M38UFZ+&J.@L3ET4[I/^&*J8A5\XY5DS;
MEZ2-5DPSYC


V:Y/@K@09
2TB/%Y^KIK4A3FGSX[T;QPC'W.0ZZ#W&W\.0ICF0/#
MQ


E\LH
<E32+8E;WLKXH#8@-AOK(GE*?K
$I8_.-.2_+-0&L6*D:R
MOXA-9]:






D]]:@)L
M#?S9XL)Q5T53)L0B26TKB%KZXP_-]

M]LUM)_;5;;+D

A$]GTAW_`J7OH4#G

EU6VBO8F`@3U/H\6
FBG0HKPL4@ENQ@2
I;9/:OD
YP


MI]%.M3*T)H1MRT.#G^I*9@



&I17


T[I^WOY[


Y*SD]E5`LB+1P\H)RBCWY3(B2XI;_5FWBAVCN+I!
MHPKO-;Z])2H/B-Z!V)FM*PB=)R('NO48X(7(T7F0].7.

MMVGDKBCG5#;K







M#


M^O3;RX=GXC^1+Y2AE61C[C7H`:P



M)*@GMIFGBP68
6M6O_OT


M\E0%WB1=+
%%KF=J@`8J\68$(6&M+3X[MA2'4^J9'!4;*V_=L0AD^0)6:6+)







EO_C]02P,$%`````@`VX%Y1/\F09-,
M%0``]_0``!$`'`!R965D+3(P,3,Q,C,Q+GAS9%540`#ON
Q4[[C

M`00E#@``!#D!``#M75MSVSJ2?MZMVO_`==76S#S(LNPDY\23S)0M6UG7.K97
M4K+G;*5JB8A6.*4'B1I?GUTP`O`@D0O%@.F:'RD)*)[D9W?XU;$P0^_'6S

12$
M-9T;;XY/D-'KE1#[%3L6=;^



M^7^?+L

^K]]OIUPNJ.0\'QC$^=)

.-:UXQ-_

$&:$

MI](:E/'RD9)S=].AU)GWIMA=CH@#Q@8:^X?;3(7%OU:KW#3R6'
UD^R#(2

Q=M*'NQ#ROCBPR!BB%?&1?8N1ETSJ

M.L$3_*PHU#O[G=+91B2'S^9B29UT^8T#/_$4;7`RC]L]T+M66O49(:_!F3OI
MS2%=+HG/


MY'/IJ=[1TM+/X`(

MTDE'3X)'#W\/P)QKEL^)A[_L4[V#I;7@CM\(!732MS5RGR].GI9+HIY*B\G:




H9
M.^TZ'E])?DY`
WF6BI!2E'J

CR8?
N6\O:_$HH7UK91C*M[_=9@W%P
GM
*P%7P&


1!
C5
6(=!&65ZG883H=XJ8`7N'
[S&L
M7UUV@(3(53%:RHK3QXB4VH=(T+]1J)`AOT0$B7Z_/CY2\:-/!EZ\.639H.
M'4GA8?`HB?A]X+



`G/F-_$*IA.\*?H!/M[\-D&SU6-1E8L/V*MMXR^7LU$J*OJI&9


X-U92(^6HHP:5Y



[E]





MB?C7\DRZ5;]
1-

M

`JBUBU@F(ZLI[\*F
#I`C_P


M4X*N#3AE/_/*`I1?WCID[A`_VE3('?-KV[82-&4(VX-\FH)?NFI9%(YTC88
M)1\FK+:H!%T;SEYL*[:QKK







MP9*?L+;.'*RC6A[HR=OS9@$F\N!!6+XX`;)32L=CB

M5Z7V']06T?0B4'^;9
D==1)UZW9;B&-AJ/^(;+5`K*`IN&I3=Q[.V'I[6O
MERN;;C'V

Y*6(:O`W'J-
CK3#YX+%WIR37FYW)-%9_*$A7_GM=1&8U)UA
MJ



\3$ONN

M;IQP'9:Q59VB^Y$U-CW2OMC89$C[H2ZN6NM/[^8D573O7F]6Q/W!_JY=_4_O
YYSZ\
MYGZ*-FQI/
8F==CGAKSF2^S@&?'O9UECAA!ZVQEU61M+\N)[%-CP\CR-%?OH



MFWJ2H854+1@)/O3#:XOAYS\!4$L!`AX#%`````@`VX%Y1
Y*

M`!$`&````````0```*2!`````')E960M
C`Q
S$R

M=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`VX%Y1$!QA_:R%@``^RX!`!4`

C`Q
S$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54!0`#ON
Q

3
Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4``[[C
M


3
Q
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#ON
Q
F4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H``ZS@$`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

556
000
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        

037
952


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    





non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense under these and other operating leases for the years ended December 31
 2013 and
2012 was $196
000 and $237
000
 respectively.


of December 31
 2013 are as follows:



Year ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
186
000
    

    
    
    
92
000
    

    
    
    
95
000
    

    
    
    
89
000
    

    
    
    
462
000
    





with customers with clauses that commit the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the agreement early or without cause.
The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&#146;s products to a defined type of retailer
within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically renew the agreements without
cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has no plans to terminate or not renew
any agreement with any of their customers; therefore
 no such fees have been accrued in the accompanying financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Sales
 net

281
000

007
000


        

487
000

863
000


        

794
000

144
000


        
        
        


        

977
000

634
000


        

180
000

145
000


        

506
000

229
000


        

663
000

008
000


        

000)

000


        

000)

000)


        

520
000)

000)


        

000)

000)


        

525
000)

000)


        
        
        


        

541
074

361
053




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
784
000
    
    
    
2
874
000
    

    
    
    
(526
000
    
    
    
(576
000
    

    
    
    
2
258
000
    
    
    
2
298
000
    

    
    
    
(111
000
    
    
    
(90
000
    

    
    
    
2
147
000
    
    
    
2
208
000
    



 2009
 the Company closed
escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement for
the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery
equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an
agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing
involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.
The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.
Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at
an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation is personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000 by the principal shareholder
and Chief Executive Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.


the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $1.20 per share for five years. The 400
000
warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The following
assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to $2.25; term of 5 years; volatility of 91.36%
to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000 warrants were recorded as valuation discount
and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization of valuation discount was $50
000 during both
of the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


obligation at December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
784
000 and $2
874
000
 respectively. Aggregate future obligations under the financing
obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
111
000
    

    
    
    
135
000
    

    
    
    
160
000
    

    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
1
966
000
    

    
    
    
2
784
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
Line
    of Credit


On
November 9
 2011
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (PMC) which provides
a $4
500
000 revolving line of credit and a $750
000 term loan (see Note 7). On September 20
 2013
 the line of credit was increased
to $4
800
000 effective September 1
 2013 to May 31
 2014
 after which it will be $4
500
000. At December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the line of credit was $4
524
000 and $3
023
000 respectively. The line of credit
is based on 85% of eligible accounts receivable and 50% of eligible inventory
 expires on November 7
 2014
 and is secured by
substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets. The interest rate is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31
 2013). There
is an early termination fee of 1% of the maximum revolver amount during 2014. Also on September 20
 2013
 the Company was granted
an over-advance on its revolving line of credit calculation of $500
000 effective September 1
 2013 to May 31
 2014
 after which
it will be $200
000.

The
revolving line of credit agreement includes a financial covenant debt service coverage ratio that is effective only if the credit
availability under the revolving line of credit falls below $100
000 and a financial covenant that the Company will not make capital
expenditures in excess of $500
000 in any fiscal year. At December 31
 2013
 the credit availability under the revolving line
of credit was below $100
000
 and during 2013 the Company expended more than $500
000 for capital expenditures. Accordingly at
December 31
 2013
 the Company was in default under the loan agreement with PMC. The defaults were waived by PMC on March 19
2014. This revolving line of credit matures on November 8
 2014.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




        
        

as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
317
253
    

    
    
    
37
644
    
    
    
41
644
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
319
214
    

    
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
607
000
    

    
    
    
778
941
    
    
    
1
285
111
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



 we are a party to
claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims
and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss
is estimable and the loss is probable.


 2005 through April 7
2006
 we issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering. These securities represented
all of the shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006. These shares issued in connection
with the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either federal or state securities laws
 or both
 and may
be subject to rescission.


 2006
 we made a rescission
offer to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
 pursuant to which we offered to repurchase
these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission offer on September 18
 2006
 the rescission
offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate of $119
000
 including statutory interest.
The shares that were tendered for rescission were purchased by third parties and not from our funds.


that a rescission offer will terminate a purchaser&#146;s right to rescind a sale of stock that was not registered as required
or was not otherwise exempt from such registration requirements. With respect to the offerees who rejected the rescission offer
we may continue to be liable under Federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal to the value of all shares of common
stock issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we may be required to pay. If it is determined
that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state law
 or securing an exemption from registration
regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these laws. However
 we believe the rescission offer
provides us with additional meritorious defenses against any future claims relating to these shares.


 we believe
that there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims
cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material
adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity
 or results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    







500
000 shares $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 there were
9
411 and 10
411 shares outstanding
 respectively
 with a liquidation preference of $10.00 per share.


5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board
of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of
our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative
dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions
of dividends on an &#147;as converted&#148; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2013
the Company accrued and paid a $5
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay
through the issuance of 1
064 shares of its common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company accrued and paid
a $16
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 4
760
shares of its common stock.


 dissolution
or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more
senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any of
our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall be distributed
pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any
portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
 which was
$10.00
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.


converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four shares
of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification
and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock a sufficient number
of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During 2013
 1
000 shares of Series
A preferred stock were converted into 4
000 shares of common stock and during 2012
 36
210 shares of Series A preferred stock were
converted into 144
840 shares of common stock.


 the holders
of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.
However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining the approval
of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a preference
over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other security convertible
into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.




500
000 shares&#160;$10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. On February 5
 2012
 the Company completed
a standby offering of 12
780 shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 for gross proceeds of $127
800.
In connection with the offering
 the Company also issued warrants to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock at $1.79 per share for
five years. The Company paid legal and broker fees of approximately $11
000 in connection with the offering
 resulting in net proceeds
to the Company of $117
000.


 2013 there were no shares
of Series B Preferred stock outstanding. At December 31
 2012 there were 45
602 shares of Series B Preferred stock outstanding.


5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend payable quarterly for a period of three years. The dividend can be paid in cash or
in the sole and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We
cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred
stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 $29
000
in dividends were accrued and $38
000 of dividends were paid by the issuance of 27
313 shares of common stock. During the year
ended December 31
 2013
 the balance of 45
602 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to 319
214 shares
of common stock and accrued dividends of $74
000 were paid by issuing 47
890 shares of common stock.




value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 12
922
832 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and 12
084
673 shares issued
and outstanding as of December 31
 2012.


2013
 the Company issued 1
250 shares of common stock for services at $4.00 per share with a value of $5
000. During the year
ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 14
965 shares of common stock for services rendered at prices ranging from $1.13 to
$2.17 per share with a value of $23
000.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

800
000

500
000


        

300
000

500
000


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (see Note 5)
 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan is for $750
000
bears interest at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 not to be below 14.85% (14.85% at December 31
 2013)
 is secured by all of the unencumbered
assets of the Company
 and is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal and interest of $21
000. This loan matures on April 20
 2017.



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
647
000
    
    
    
575
000
    

    
    
    
(165
000
    
    
    
(176
000
    

    
    
    
482
000
    
    
    
399
000
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
165
000
    

    
    
    
482
000
    

    
    
    
647
000
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



brewery operations with an aggregate value of $415
000 under 12 non-cancelable capital leases. Most of the leases are personally
guaranteed by the Company&#146;s chief executive officer. Monthly payments range from $189 to $1
680 per month
 including interest
at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.32% per annum. At December 31
 2013
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated
$10
000. The leases expire at various dates through 2018.


capital leases are as follows:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
57
000
    

    
    
    
40
000
    

    
    
    
24
000
    

    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
233
000
    

    
    
    
(48
000
    

    
    
    
185
000
    

    
    
    
79
000
    

    
    
    
106
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



    
    




    
    
    



 the Company adopted the Original
Beverage Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and
 in 2007
 the Company adopted the Reed&#146;s Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan (the
&#147;Plans&#148;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Compensation Committee. Individuals
eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options
shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number
of options authorized is 500
000 and 1
500
000
 respectively for the Original Beverage Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and the
Reed&#146;s Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan.


2013 and 2012
 the Company granted 414
000 and 10
000 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company&#146;s common stock at a
weighted price exercise of $3.99 and $1.85
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The aggregate value of the options vesting
net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $327
000 and $107
000
 respectively
 and has been reflected
as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2013
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $532
000
 which will be amortized as
compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 - 3 years.


 2012
 the Company repriced
20
000 employee options to an exercise price of $1.83
 which were previously $2.43 per share and $2.06 per share. The total increase
in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was $3
000. On December 23
 2012
 the Company repriced 20
000 employee
options to an exercise price of $1.14
 which were previously $2.06 per share; and extended the termination date of 420
000 employee
options until December 22
 2016. Such options previously were to expire on dates that were between 8 months and 48 months from
the extension date. The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing and extensions
 was $53
000;
of which $48
000 was recognized in the year ended December 31
 2012 and $5
000 in the year ended December 31
 2013. During the
year ended December 31
 2013 there were 348
332 options exercised at an average price of $1.14. Most of such exercises were cash-less
however
 the Company did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000. During the year ended December 31
 2012 there
were 408
334 stock options exercised at a price of $1.05 per share. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 however
 the Company
did receive proceeds from certain exercises aggregating $30
000.


value of options granted during 2013 and 2012 was $1.97 and $0.40
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For purposes
of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free rate for periods
within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



31
 2013 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    

Outstanding at January 1
 2012
    
    
1
172
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(408
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(166
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2012
    
    
607
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
414
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(348
332
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2013
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
070
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2013
    
    
269
083
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
637
000
    



 2013
 the aggregate intrinsic values of
$3
070
000 and $1
637
000 were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&#146;s
stock
 which was $7.98 as of December 31
 2013.


shares granted under the Company&#146;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2013 and changes during the year then ended is presented
below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2012
    
    
195
836
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
414
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(206
251
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
334
    
    
    
    
    

Nonvested at December 31
 2013
    
    
370
251
    
    
    
    
    



December 31
 2013 is as follows:



    
    
Options Outstanding at December 31
 2013
    
    
    

 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
190
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
166
999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
429
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
102
084
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
639
334
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
269
083
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    



2013 and 2012 there were no warrants granted. During the year ended December 31
 2013 there were 215
290 warrants exercised at
prices between $2.10 per share and $2.77 per share (an average price of $2.45)
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $373
000
and 188
635 shares of common stock issued.


table summarizes warrant activity for the two years ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2011
    
    
2
006
870
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(574
622
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
114
995
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2012
    
    
317
253
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(215
290
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2013
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
579
000
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2013
    
    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
579
000
    



 2013
 the aggregate
intrinsic value of $579
000 was calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&#146;s
stock
 which was $7.98 as of December 31
 2013.


on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of
the Company. For purposes of determining the expected life of the warrant
 the full contract life of the warrant is used. The risk-free
rate for periods within the contractual life of the warrants is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the
grant.


warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
803
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
64
899
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
16
261
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
101
963
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000)
        


        

000
        


        

000

000


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



Company employees exercised options to purchase 173
700 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock on a cashless basis at
prices between $1.14 and $4.00 per share. The Company issued 115
120 shares of common stock for such cash-less exercises
of options.


 2014 and February
4
 2014
 respectively
 the Company&#146;s former CFO and former COO resigned from the Company. At the time of their
separation from the Company
 the former officers held unvested options issued in 2013 to purchase an aggregate of 37
500
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock which were due to vest through March 2016. The Company agreed to accelerate vesting
of these options so they were 100% vested as of February 17
 2014. Employee stock options which are subject to accelerated
vesting at termination are treated as a modification. As such
 the Company will recognize an expense related to the
accelerated vesting in the amount of $151
000 during the first quarter of 2014
 which is the fair value of the options
determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of
0.75%; dividend yield of 0%; volatility of 59%; and an expected life of 3 years.


 2014
 the
Company granted options to employees to purchase 165
500 shares of the company&#146;s common stock with an exercise price of
$7.07 per share. The fair value of the options on the date granted was determined to be approximately $466
000 using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.75%; dividend yield of 0%; volatility of
59%; and an expected life of 3 years




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

three trademarks for natural beverage as of December 31
 2012 and 2012 as follows:



    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
224
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
1
029
000
    




        
        

of:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
80
000
    

    
    
    
(40
000
    
    
    
(26
000
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
54
000
    




        
        

is as follows for the years ending December 31:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
54
000
    

    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
60
000
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

 the accumulated amortization
 as of the reporting date
 representing the periodic charge to earnings of deferred costs which are associated with debt obligations existing as of the end of the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

000

000

000

924
000

890
000)

305
000


Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2011

885
833

621

415
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Fair value of common stock issued for services and finance fees
 Shares

965
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Exercise of warrants
 Shares

048
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000)

000)


        
        

000)
        

000
        
        


Common stock issued upon conversion of Series A preferred stock
 Shares

840

210)
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued upon conversion of Series B preferred stock
 Amount
        
        

000)

000
        
        


Common stock issued upon conversion of Series B preferred stock
 Shares

691
        

813)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Series A preferred stock dividend
 shares

064
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Common stock paid for Series A and Series B preferred stock dividend
 Shares

073
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Exercise of stock options
 Shares

223
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000)

000)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

000

000

000

996
000

459
000)

098
000


Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2012

084
673

411

602
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Fair value of common stock issued for services and finance fees
 Shares

250
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Exercise of warrants
 Shares

635
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000)
        

000
        
        


Common stock issued upon conversion of Series A preferred stock
 Shares

000

000)
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued upon conversion of Series B preferred stock
 Amount
        
        

000)

000
        
        


Common stock issued upon conversion of Series B preferred stock
 Shares

214
        

602)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


        

064
        
        

000

000)
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Common stock paid for Series A and Series B preferred stock dividend
 Shares

890
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        

000


Exercise of stock options
 Shares

106
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

520
000)

520
000)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

000

000
        

276
000

984
000)

387
000


Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2013

922
832

411
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    





three trademarks for natural beverage as of December 31
 2012 and 2012 as follows:



    
    
    
576
000
    

    
    
    
224
000
    

    
    
    
229
000
    

    
    
    
1
029
000
    



 China Cola
 and Sonoma
Sparkler brand names are deemed to have indefinite lives and are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment annually. For the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not recognize any impairment charges for its indefinite-lived intangible
assets.





of:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
80
000
    

    
    
    
(40
000
    
    
    
(26
000
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
54
000
    



December 31
 2013 and 2012 was approximately $55
000 and $75
000 respectively.


is as follows for the years ending December 31:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
54
000
    

    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
60
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding

000
        



          

        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

253

006
870


        
        
        


        

290)

622)


        
        

114
995)


Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance

963

253


        

963
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited Or Expired
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Outstanding
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms (Years)
 Exercisable
        
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding

000
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercisable

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

as of:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
784
000
    
    
    
2
874
000
    

    
    
    
(526
000
    
    
    
(576
000
    

    
    
    
2
258
000
    
    
    
2
298
000
    

    
    
    
(111
000
    
    
    
(90
000
    

    
    
    
2
147
000
    
    
    
2
208
000
    




        
        

financing obligation are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
111
000
    

    
    
    
135
000
    

    
    
    
160
000
    

    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
222
000
    

    
    
    
1
966
000
    

    
    
    
2
784
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

108
000

108
000


        

829
000

737
000


        

000

000


        

763
000

174
000


        

000

000


        

482
000

773
000


        

796
000)

351
000)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

686
000

422
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 machinery
 equipment
 and engines.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding land held for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    



2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between the
Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement remains
in effect until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company paid commissions of $1
000
 and during the year ended December 31
 2012
the Company paid commissions of $15
000.




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













