

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-21-004127
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210225
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RiceBran Technologies
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001063537
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				870673375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36245
		FILM NUMBER:		21681127
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1330 LAKE ROBBINS DRIVE
 SUITE 250
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2816752421
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1330 LAKE ROBBINS DRIVE
 SUITE 250
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRACEA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030930
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTRASTAR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011221
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLIANCE CONSUMER INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010418








	
	







WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549






			

			
			




 2020




			

			
			










		

			


			


		

			


			


		

1330 Lake Robbins Drive
 Suite 250
The Woodlands
 TX


			


		

			


			





 Including Area Code:




		

			


			


			


			


			


		

Common Stock
 no par value per share


			


			


			


			







 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; No &#9746;




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&#9746; No &#9744;




 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			

			


		
			
			
			
			



 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;




 as amended). YES&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;NO&nbsp;&#9746;


 2020
 the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $23.4 million calculated by using the closing price of the common stock on such date on NASDAQ Capital Market of $0.83 per share.


 2021
 there were 45
238
087 shares of common stock outstanding.


 which Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant&#8217;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
























		

			


			


		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			

			

		

			


			


Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			

			

		

			


			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

		

			

			





















These forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 but are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections about our industry
 Words such as &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8220;estimates
&#8221; 
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;will
 and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements
Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this Annual Report.


 references to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; refer to RiceBran Technologies
 and its consolidated subsidiaries.
























 supported by specialty milling processes
 to deliver critical nutritional and functional ingredients derived from ancient grains for the food
 nutraceutical
 pet care and animal feed categories. We are focused on milling rice and other small grains and producing
 processing and marketing value-added healthy
 natural and nutrient dense products derived from these grains. Notably
 we are a market leader in North America in converting raw rice bran into stabilized rice bran (SRB) and high value derivative products including:


		
			

			



 a complete rice bran nutritional package derived from further processing of SRB;





		
			

			



 a highly nutritious
 carbohydrate and lipid rich fraction of RiBalance;





		
			

			



 a protein and fiber rich insoluble derivative of RiBalance; and





		
			

			



 which includes derivatives composed of protein and protein/fiber blends.





 we have developed our products by optimizing our proprietary processes to support the production of healthy
 natural
 and non-genetically modified ingredients that are gluten free and free of all major allergens for use in baked goods
 cereals
 coatings
 health foods
 high-end animal nutrition
 and animal health products. Our existing and target customers are food and animal nutrition manufacturers
 wholesalers and retailers
 both domestically and internationally.


 our corporate name was &#8220;NutraCea.&#8221; In October 2012
 we changed our name to RiceBran Technologies. In 2018
 we moved our corporate headquarters to The Woodlands
 Texas. Over the past several years
 we have acquired and divested of certain investments:


		
			

			



 LLC.
 an East Grand Forks
 Minnesota based company now operating as MGI Grain
 Incorporated (MGI) which operates a grain mill and processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota






		
			

			



 LLC
 a Wynne
 Arkansas based company now operating as Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 Inc. (Golden Ridge) which operates a rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas






		
			

			



 which operates a rice bran oil refining plant in Pelotas
 Brazil.





		
			

			



 Inc. (HN)
 which had a formulating
 blending and co-packaging facility in Irving
 Texas
 that manufactured blended and/or packaged functional food products for the nutrition and functional food markets.






 California
 one company-owned rice bran stabilization facility in Mermentau
 Louisiana
 and our company-owned rice mill
 Golden Ridge
 in Wynne
 Arkansas. &#8220;Stage II&#8221; refers to the products produced using proprietary processing equipment and technology for further processing of SRB into finished products. We produce our Stage II products at our Dillon
 Montana facility
 including: RiSolubles
 RiFiber
 RiBalance
 and our ProRyza family of products.




 2018 we acquired Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC
 a recently constructed rice milling and bran stabilization facility on nearly 32 acres in Wynne
 Arkansas. Golden Ridge provides us with a presence in the largest rice-producing state and a cost-efficient source of SRB that is close to many of our customers in the Midwest and Eastern U.S. Golden Ridge specializes in producing #1 and #2 Grade U.S. premium long and medium white rice milled to United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) standards
 as well as brown rice
 brewers rice
 and brokens. We believe these products offer synergies to our core SRB business and should enable our sales team to deepen our relationship with our customers. Golden Ridge adheres to standard operating procedures and passed all the prerequisite audits required to meet Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) standards and Safe Quality Food (SQF) certifications.


















 2019
 we acquired MGI Grain Processing
 LLC&#8217;s grain milling and processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota which specializes in processing barley and oats
 and provides mustard toll milling services. MGI provides us with a milling presence in a key production region in the U.S. and a complimentary portfolio of barley and oat ingredients
 as well as other ancient grains. This creates synergy with our rice and rice bran products as they are purchased by substantially the same buyers as our rice products. MGI&#8217;s facility is an American Institute of Baking (AIB) certified barley pearling facility
 Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP) and SQF certified.




 minimally processed
 gluten free
 non-GMO and clean-label food and animal feed ingredients are in high demand
 and we are strategically positioned to take advantage of this growing and sustainable market opportunity as discussed below in &#8220;Our Growth Strategy.&#8221;




 protein
 carbohydrates
 vitamins
 minerals
 fibers
 and antioxidants that enhance the nutritional value of popular consumer products. Our products replace ingredients like soy protein isolate
 soy protein concentrate
 modified food starch
 pea protein
 mustard flour and yeast at a significantly reduced cost. Foods that are ideally suited for the addition of our SRB to their products include processed meats
 cereals
 snacks
 beverages
 baked goods
 breading
 and batters.




 and we will continue to pursue sales opportunities with attractive margins in those markets. SRB is currently used as an equine feed ingredient as it has been shown to provide health benefits for show and performance horses. We believe that there are also numerous market opportunities for utilizing SRB in the production of food for companion animals. We have multiple engagements with customers in the companion animal market
 and we are aggressively pursuing other opportunities.




 especially in some of the world&#8217;s most populous countries. Asia accounts for roughly 90% of global rice production and China is the world&#8217;s number one rice producer. Globally
 the United States ranks 11th in rice production with approximately 2% of the global total.


 individual rice kernels are stored in common receiving locations such as farm silos for future delivery to grain dryers or area rice mills. At this stage
 large quantities of individual rice kernels are collectively called &#8220;paddy rice
&#8221; or &#8220;rough&#8221; rice. In this form
 the rice kernel is fully enveloped by the rice hull
 which serves as a protective cover
 shielding the inner rice kernel from damage.


 paddy rice is cleaned of foreign material (scalping
 de-stoning and aspiration) before it enters the first stage of milling
 or paddy husking. In the paddy husker
 the hull is removed from rough rice by differential speed rubber rollers. Loosened hulls are carried off by aspiration. After husking
 a paddy separator uses a reciprocating motion to separate normal brown rice kernels (caryopsis) from unhusked kernels which are returned to the paddy husker.


 the outer brown layers of bran are removed from the inner white starch endosperm by an abrasive or frictional milling process which produces a milled
 white rice kernel. After milling
 white rice is typically sorted by size to remove broken pieces of rice kernels from whole kernels
 as well as color sorting to remove discolored kernels. Further processing may be required (per customer specifications) to polish the white rice to a smooth surface.


 testa
 nucellus and aleurone) surrounding the white starchy endosperm. Commercial rice bran makes up approximately 10% of rough rice by weight. Rice germ
 an especially nutrient rich material
 makes up approximately 10% of commercial rice bran by weight.


 the oils present in raw rice bran come into contact with native lipase enzymes that are naturally present in the rice kernel. These lipase enzymes initiate a rapid enzymatic hydrolysis of the oil
 converting oils (triglycerides) into monoglycerides
 diglycerides and free fatty acids (FFA). As the FFA content builds in raw rice bran
 the bran becomes unpalatable and off flavors (rancidity) develop.
















 enzymatic degradation at normal room temperatures can increase the FFA levels to 5-8% within 24 hours and can continue at a rate of approximately 4-5% per day thereafter. Enzymatic degradation is the most serious form of degradation of raw rice bran. Rice bran stabilization is the process of carefully deactivating native enzymes to prevent the increase of FFA otherwise caused by lipase enzyme activity. Proper stabilization is critical in the preservation of the nutritional value of the bran.


 there have been a number of attempts to develop rice bran stabilization techniques
 including the use of chemicals
 microwave heating or variations of existing extrusion technology. Many of these approaches have had limited success in part because they have produced rice bran with limited shelf life or with significant degradation of nutrients.






 pressure and other conditions necessary to thoroughly deactivate enzymes without significantly damaging the structure or nutrient content of the raw rice bran. This means that higher value compounds in bran
 such as oils
 proteins and phytonutrients are left undamaged and are available for utilization. Our process does not use chemicals to stabilize raw rice bran.


 the electronic control system is designed to purge the equipment of materials in process and resume production only after proper operating conditions are re-established.


 SRB leaving our system is then discharged onto cooling units specifically designed to control air pressure and humidity. Once cooled
 SRB can be loaded into bulk hopper trucks for large volume customers or sent by pneumatic conveyor to a bagging unit for packaging into various size bags or 2
000-pound sacks.


000 pounds of bran per hour and has a capacity of over 7
200 tons per year. Stabilization production capacity can be doubled
 tripled or further multiplied by installing additional units sharing a common conveyor and stage system. We have also developed and tested a smaller production unit
 with a maximum production capacity of 600 pounds per hour
 for installation in locations where rice mills are substantially smaller than those in the United States.


 including proteins
 fibers
 lipids and micronutrients such as vitamins
 minerals and phytosterols
 among others. In these processes
 SRB is put into an aqueous slurry
 where it is treated with one or more enzymes
 centrifugally separated and the fractions are dried on drum driers
 spray driers or other drying systems.




 vitamins
 antioxidants
 dietary fiber and other nutrients. The approximate composition and caloric content of our SRB is as follows:



			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			




 it has a favorable fatty acid composition and excellent heat stability which makes it an attractive ingredient for a wide variety of applications.


















 we intend to periodically review whether we should seek patent protection for them. We believe that certain unique products
 and their biological effects
 resulting from our SRB may be patentable in the future. We also hold a number of U.S. registered trademarks and trade names and have applied for additional marks.






 improving our financial condition
 and maximizing shareholder value. The following points summarize our growth strategy:


		

			


			





		
			

			


 &#8211; Ri-Solubles; in both conventional and organic forms
 is the premium product in the portfolio with upside potential
 and we are focused on expanding production and sales. Ri-Fiber is an excellent source of dietary fiber that can provide organoleptic improvements in a range of supplement products
 and potentially an excellent feedstock for further processing to isolate nutritional and functional components. Both products are produced at our Dillion
 MT manufacturing facility which offers room for expansion.





		
			

			


 &#8211; We expect to launch ready-to-eat (RTE) variants of SRB eliminating the need for further heat processing prior to consumer consumption. SRB can be used as an excipient and flow agent in tablets
 capsules
 and nutritional powders. We believe RTE SRB will provide access to new applications for SRB particularly in the supplement category as it will allow for the replacement of chemically derived ingredients enabling natural and non-GMO claims to be made on finished consumer products.





		
			

			


 &#8211; We hope to enhance the values of our core products by adding the capability to combine them with other ingredients in order to deliver improved nutrition
 functionality
 and organoleptic properties. Other ingredient components will be sourced from both domestic and international supply partners and likely to include plant-based protein and carbohydrates. Combinations of rice ingredients and other grains from MGI will also be pursued.





		

			


While we currently have several organic product lines
 notably rice bran derivatives and certain milled products
 and we believe there is a significant opportunity to further expand our organic product offering. We expect to achieve this through in-house production and product sourcing from manufacturing and supply partners. In particular
 we are reviewing the opportunity to convert Golden Ridge rice mill such that it can mill organic rice and produce organic SRB. We believe we have much of the infrastructure in place to achieve this conversion
 as such our focus is on securing organic paddy rice supply.





		

			


			





		
			

			


 This group will build on the existing business in this category by expanding market penetration
 introducing new products and blending capabilities
 and developing partnerships with third-party developers and manufacturers to be able to deliver near-finished solutions to supplement brands and manufacturers.





		
			

			


 &#8211; The key focus of this group is to expand the current business in processed food[s]
 pet care and equine feeds
 including developing the optimum go-to-market structure for these categories. In the fourth quarter of 2020
 we recruited a senior commercial executive to lead this initiative.





		

			


 Partnership with key rice mills in California and Louisiana will remain a cornerstone of our stabilized rice bran manufacturing strategy. We remain committed to expanding these partnerships by driving incremental volume
 efficiency improvements
 and expanding the core product opportunity. We will seek to implement long-term supply agreements with our suppliers with the objective of driving profit growth for both ourselves and our partners. We may also pursue partnerships with international producers
 particularly in Asia. This could create opportunities for accessing new products based on new rice varieties and differentiated process technologies these partners possess.





		

			


 We are focused on improving our operational efficiencies while driving cost and expense reductions. We significantly reduced our corporate overhead in 2020 through planned reductions in headcount
 lessening our reliance on outside consultants
 and driving down administrative
 audit
 and legal expenses. We hope to further improve the economics of our business by driving greater volumes through our existing facilities.



















 gluten free and free of all major allergens. The regulatory requirements to add front-of-label warnings on food items and increasing demand from consumers for foods that list fewer and less processed ingredients is driving food companies to replace standard food ingredients with cleaner ingredients
 such as SRB. We anticipate further incorporation of our food ingredients by major consumer packaged goods food companies as more food companies adopt rice bran as a standard clean label food ingredient. This trend is not limited to food ingredients
 as we are finding similar transition to clean ingredients among high-end animal nutrition companies.




 outside independent sales representatives and third-party distributors to market our portfolio of products to customers domestically and internationally. In 2020 and 2019
 three customers accounted for 26% and 36% of our revenues
 respectively. We continue to focus efforts on diversification of our customer base to mitigate the concentration of customers.




 foreign
 state and local government laws and regulations
 including those relating to zoning
 workplace safety and accommodations for the disabled
 and our relationships with our employees are subject to regulations
 including minimum wage requirements
 anti-discrimination laws
 overtime and working conditions and citizenship requirements.


 we are affected by extensive laws
 governmental regulations
 administrative determinations
 court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws
 regulations and other constraints exist at the federal
 state and local levels in the United States
 and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions
 including regulations pertaining to the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our products. In addition
 we are subject to regulations regarding product claims and advertising.


 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising
 distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 primarily the Food &amp; Drug Administration (FDA)
 the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the USDA. Our activities are also regulated by various governmental agencies for the states and localities in which our products are manufactured and sold
 as well as by governmental agencies in certain countries outside the United States. Among other matters
 regulation by the FDA and FTC is concerned with product safety and claims made with respect to a product&#8217;s ability to provide health-related benefits. Specifically
 the FDA
 under the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA)
 regulates the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution and sale of food and food ingredients. The FTC regulates the advertising of these products.


 primarily the FDA and the FTC
 have a variety of procedures and enforcement remedies available to them
 including initiating investigations
 issuing warning letters and cease-and-desist orders
 requiring corrective labeling or advertising
 requiring consumer redress such as requiring that a company offer to repurchase products previously sold
 seeking injunctive relief or product seizures
 imposing civil penalties or commencing criminal prosecution. In addition
 certain state agencies have similar authority. These federal and state agencies have in the past used these remedies in regulating participants in the food and food ingredient industries
 including the imposition of civil penalties.


 enacted January 4
 2011
 amended the FDCA to significantly enhance the FDA&#8217;s authority over various aspects of food regulation. The FSMA granted the FDA mandatory recall authority when the FDA determines there is a reasonable probability that a food is adulterated or misbranded and that the use of
 or exposure to
 the food will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. One of the more significant changes under FSMA is the requirement of hazard analysis and risk-based preventive controls (HARPC) for all human and animal food processing facilities. We are committed to FSMA compliance and are SQF certified at all our facilities.


 unless the substance is generally recognized
 among qualified experts
 as having been adequately shown to be safe under the conditions of its intended use
 or unless the use of the substance is otherwise excluded from the definition of a food additive. When an additive is proposed for use in a meat
 its safety
 technical function and conditions of use must also be evaluated by the USDA. Because the USDA retains jurisdiction over meat products and food ingredients intended for use in meats
 the use of our SRB meat enhancers is regulated by this agency. SRB has USDA approval for use in certain meat products.




















 as such
 have developed significant brand recognition in the animal feed and food ingredient product sectors both domestically and internationally. Together with our decades of application technology know-how and proprietary processing methods
 we believe that we have a competitive advantage over other suppliers with respect to producing SRB.


 Europe and Asia. We believe that our major competitors include producers of isolated soy protein
 wheat bran and oat bran
 particularly in the food ingredients market segment. We compete with other companies that offer products incorporating SRB as well as companies that offer other food ingredients. Many consumers may consider such products to be a replacement for the products we manufacture and distribute.




 2020
 we had 99 employees. From year to year
 we experience normal variable labor fluctuation at our production facilities. We believe that we have positive relationships with our employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.




 our quarterly reports on Form&nbsp;10-Q
 our current reports on Form&nbsp;8-K and the reports of beneficial ownership. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference in this report on Form&nbsp;10-K and shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; under the Exchange Act.




 including those described below
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. Investors or potential investors in our stock should carefully consider the risks described below.








 profitability or positive cash flow
 on either a quarterly or annual basis
 and that profitability
 if achieved
 may not be sustained. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability
 we may not be financially viable in the future and may have to curtail
 suspend
 or cease operations
 restructure existing operations to attempt to ensure future viability
 or pursue other alternatives such as pursuing dissolution and liquidation
 seeking to merge with another company
 selling all or substantially all of our assets or raising additional capital through equity or debt financings.

We have generated significant losses since our inception in 2000
 and losses in the future could cause the trading price of our stock to decline or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
cash flow
 and 


 we have incurred an accumulated deficit in excess of $298.9 million. We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitable operations if achieved. If our losses continue
 our liquidity may continue to be severely impaired
 our stock price may fall and our shareholders may lose all or a significant portion of their investment. If we are not able to attain profitability in the near future our financial condition could deteriorate further which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects and result in a significant or complete loss of shareholder investment. Further
 we may be unable to pay our debt obligations as they become due
 which include obligations to secured creditors.















We may need to raise additional funds through debt or equity financings in the future to achieve our business objectives and to satisfy our cash obligations
 which would dilute the ownership of our existing shareholders and possibly subordinate certain of their rights to the rights of new investors.


 strengthen our financial position or to make acquisitions. Our board of directors has the ability
 without seeking shareholder approval
 to issue convertible debt and additional shares of common stock or preferred stock that is convertible into common stock for such consideration as the board of directors may consider sufficient
 which may be at a discount to the market price. Any sales of additional equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution of the equity interests of our existing shareholders
 which could be substantial. Additionally
 if we issue shares of preferred stock or convertible debt to raise funds
 the holders of those securities might be entitled to various preferential rights over the holders of our common stock
 including repayment of their investment
 and possibly additional amounts
 before any payments could be made to holders of our common stock in connection with an acquisition of us. Such preferred shares
 if authorized
 might be granted rights and preferences that would be senior to
 or otherwise adversely affect
 the rights and the value of our common stock. Also
 new investors may require that we and certain of our shareholders enter into voting arrangements that give them additional voting control or representation on our board of directors. We have a limited number of authorized and unissued (and unreserved) shares
 which limits our ability to raise additional funds through such debt or equity financings. Our shareholders would need to approve any increase in the number of authorized shares. In the event that we determine that such an increase is desirable
 it is possible our shareholders will not approve the increase.




 and amounts owed under the agreement are secured by our personal property assets. If the lender demands repayment and we fail to make such repayment
 or if we cause or permit any other event of default as defined in the agreement or fail to comply with covenants set forth in the agreement (including restrictions on incurring other debt under unsecured loans)
 we would be subject to additional expenses or possible foreclosure on our assets that secure our obligations under the agreement. Such results could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.


 Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES)
 enacted into U.S. law in March 2020. The loan and accrued interest were to be forgivable
 provided that the loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes. The loan and related accrued interest were completely forgiven in January 2021.


 Inc. If we fail to make repayment
 we would be subject to additional expenses or possible foreclosure on the assets that secure our obligations under the agreement. Such results could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.


 we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 and if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
 investors could lose confidence in our consolidated financial statements and our Company
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our stock price. 


 2018
 our management determined that we had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 which related to our accounting for significant and complex acquisitions and equity transactions. We have concluded that these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting were primarily due to the relocation from Arizona to Texas in 2018 which reduced our accounting personnel who had the appropriate level of experience and technical expertise to oversee the accounting and financial reporting requirements related to significant and complex acquisitions and equity transactions. As a result of these material weaknesses
 in 2019
 we initiated and implemented several remediation measures including
 but not limited to: hiring a CPA licensed Chief Accounting Officer
 engaging third parties to (i) assist us in complying with the accounting and financial reporting requirements related to significant and complex acquisitions and equity transactions; and (ii) assist us with formalizing our business processes
 accounting policies and internal control documentation
 strengthening supervisory reviews by our management
 published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As of December 31
 2019
 we concluded that the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting were remediated. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls in the future
 this could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis
 which could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial information or cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.


















 rice bran
 barley and oat markets
 our anticipated share of these markets
 the estimated price and acceptance of our products and other factors. These assumptions are based on our best estimates; however
 our assessments may not prove to be correct. Any future success may depend upon factors including changes in governmental regulation
 increased levels of competition
 including the entry of additional competitors and increased success by existing competitors
 changes in general economic conditions
 increases in operating costs including costs of rice bran
 production
 supplies
 personnel
 equipment
 and reduced margins caused by competitive pressures. Many of these factors are beyond our control.




 we may review opportunities to buy other businesses or technologies
 such as the acquisition of Golden Ridge that was completed in 2018
 and the acquisition of MGI Grain that was completed in 2019
 that would complement our current products
 expand the breadth of our markets or enhance technical capabilities
 or that may otherwise offer growth opportunities. Such acquisitions involve numerous risks
 including
 but not limited to:


		
			

			



 technologies or products;




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			







 three customers accounted for 26% of revenues and the top ten customers accounted for 51% of revenues from continuing operations. As of December 31
 2020
 the customers with the highest ten balances accounted for 64% of accounts receivable.


 viability and financial stability of our customers. We expect to continue to depend upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenues. Consolidation among our customers may reduce our number of customers or result in a concentration of credit risk with respect to outstanding accounts receivable. We consider the financial strength of our customers
 the remoteness of the possible risk that a default event will occur
 the potential benefits to our future growth and development
 possible actions to reduce the likelihood of a default event
 and the benefits from the transaction
 before entering into a large credit limit with a customer. Although we analyze these factors
 the ultimate collection of the obligation from the customer may not occur. Although we continue to expand our customer base in an attempt to mitigate the concentration of credit risk
 writing off of an accounts receivable balance could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents and trade receivables. Historically
 we have not experienced any loss of our cash and cash equivalents
 but we have experienced losses to our trade receivables. A significant reduction in sales to any of our significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.




 our objective is to protect our profitability
 but also to protect
 to the extent we can
 our ongoing relationships with our distributors and customers. However
 as part of our credit risk policies
 we occasionally must
 among other things
 cancel
 reduce credit limits and place cash-only requirements for certain questionable accounts. These credit risk policies may negatively impact our relationships with our distributors and customers
 which could adversely affect our results of operations.


















 2020
 have been based on SRB. A decline in the market demand for our SRB or the products of other companies utilizing our SRB products would have a significant adverse impact on us. Since the acquisition of Golden Ridge
 we have also incorporated the sale of rice to our products sold towards the end of 2018. A decline in the market demand for finished rice or the by-products of rice milling could have a significant adverse impact on us.




 food manufacturers
 mass merchandisers
 health food retailers and to other companies for use in their products. We must increase the level of awareness and benefits of rice bran products to be used in food and food ingredients in general and our products in particular. We will be required to devote substantial management and financial resources to these marketing and advertising efforts and such efforts may not be successful.




 which is a by-product from milling paddy rice to white rice. Our ability to manufacture SRB is currently limited to the production capability of our equipment located at our two suppliers&#8217; rice mills in California
 our own plant located adjacent to our supplier in Mermentau
 Louisiana and our rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas. At these facilities and our value-added product plant in Dillon
 Montana
 we currently are capable of producing enough finished products to meet current demand. If demand for our products were to increase dramatically in the future
 we would need additional production capacity
 which may take time and may expose us to additional long-term operating costs.


 the supply of rice bran is affected by the amount of rice planted and harvested each year.



rice
 raw rice bran
 stabilized rice bran
 barley
 We are not always able to immediately pass cost increases to our customers and any increase in the cost of our rice and rice coproducts
 SRB products
 and oat and barley products could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.


 for example drought conditions in California or flooding in Arkansas and Louisiana
 adversely affect the amount of rice planted or harvested
 the cost of rice bran products that we use may increase. Drought or excessive moisture can have similar impacts on the timing and number of acres planted to barley and oats in Minnesota
 North Dakota
 and Manitoba as well. We are not always able to immediately pass cost increases to our customers. Therefore
 cost increases could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

We face competition from other companies that produce bran
 grains and other alternative ingredients with similar benefits as our rice brans.


 including food ingredients
 animal feed supplements and companion pet food ingredients is vigorous
 with a large number of businesses engaged in the various industries. Many of our competitors have established reputations for successfully developing and marketing their products
 including products that incorporate bran from other cereal grains and other alternative ingredients that are widely recognized as providing similar benefits as rice bran. In addition
 many of our competitors have greater financial
 managerial and technical resources than we do. If we are not successful in competing in these markets
 we may not be able to attain our business objectives.















We are affected by extensive laws
 governmental regulations
 administrative determinations
 court decisions and similar constraints both domestically and abroad and our failure to comply with these laws
 regulations and constraints could lead to the imposition of significant penalties or claims
 which could harm our financial condition and operating results.


 the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our products are affected by extensive laws
 governmental regulations
 administrative determinations
 court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws
 regulations and other constraints may exist at the federal
 state or local levels in the United States and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
 state and local authorities and foreign governmental agencies. In addition
 the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may negatively impact the marketing of our products
 resulting in significant loss of sales revenues. Our failure to comply with these current and new regulations could lead to the imposition of significant penalties or claims
 limit the production or marketing of any non-compliant products or advertising and could negatively impact our business.




 store
 and move our products is important to our success. Disruption to our manufacturing capabilities or to our storage capabilities
 due to damage to our facilities or equipment
 inability or delay in replacing parts or equipment
 weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 or other factors
 could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. If we fail to mitigate the possible impact of such events
 or effectively manage them if they occur
 they could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such events could also require additional resources to restore our supply chain.


 USDA
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
 and other federal
 state
 and local governmental agencies relating to the production
 storage
 distribution
 quality
 and safety of food products and the health and safety of our employees. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits
 administrative penalties
 and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 and recalls of our products. Changes in such laws or regulations that impose additional requirements on us could increase the cost of operating our facilities
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.




 the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. During the second and third quarters of 2020
 we observed a surge in demand for non-perishable food products such as rice due to pantry stocking in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
 which made it difficult for us to economically source raw materials. This dynamic has subsequently stabilized
 but current and future port closures and other restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic may further restrict global supply
 renewing pressure on the price of raw materials used in our products to increase. Additionally
 damage or disruption to the capabilities of our suppliers may also impair our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products. Because we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic
 including the spread of the virus
 the severity of the disease
 the duration of the outbreak
 and actions that governmental authorities may take
 it is hard for us to quantify this exposure.




 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 product tampering and other adulteration of food products. We may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We maintain a product liability policy for $5.0 million per year in the aggregate. In addition
 we may voluntarily recall products in the event of contamination or damage. A significant product liability judgment or a widespread product recall may cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful
 there may be negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury which could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers.




 environmental
 fire
 employee
 manufacturing
 shipping and other risks. Although we have insurance to cover some of these risks
 the amount of this insurance is limited and includes numerous exceptions and limitations to coverage. In the event we were to suffer a significant uninsured claim
 our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.















Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain
 enforce and protect our licenses and other intellectual property rights for our products and technology.


 machinery
 compounds and products that we develop. The process of seeking patent protection may be long and expensive
 and patents might not be issued or not be broad enough in scope. We may not be able to protect our technology adequately
 and our competition may be able to develop similar technology that does not infringe or encroach upon any of our rights.


 but infringement claims by third parties
 or claims for indemnification resulting from infringement claims
 could be asserted in the future or that such assertions
 if proven to be accurate
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In the future
 litigation may be necessary to protect our trade secrets or know-how or to defend against claimed infringement of the rights of others and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Any litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of our efforts and other resources
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Adverse determinations in any litigation could result in the loss of our proprietary rights
 subjecting us to significant liabilities to third parties
 require us to seek licenses from third parties or prevent us from manufacturing or selling our systems
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. A license under a third party&#8217;s intellectual property rights might not be available to us on reasonable terms
 if at all.




 including the efforts of our executive chairman
 chief financial officer
 and the other members of the senior leadership team. Although we have written employment agreements with these employees
 such individuals could die
 become disabled
 retire
 or resign. In addition
 our success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain key management persons for positions relating to the marketing and distribution of our products. We may not be able to recruit and employ such executives at times and on terms acceptable to us. Also
 volatility
 lack of positive performance in our stock price and changes in our overall compensation program
 including our equity incentive program
 may adversely affect our ability to retain such key employees.




 unless that officer or director violates a duty of loyalty
 did not act in good faith
 engaged in intentional misconduct or knowingly violated the law
 approved an improper dividend or derived an improper benefit from the transaction.






 including:


		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			



 domestically and internationally;




		
			

			


			




		
			

			



 our industry or both;



















		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			





 following periods of volatility in the market price of a company&#8217;s securities
 securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Our stock price is volatile and in prior years we have been the target of shareholder litigation. Any shareholder litigation brought against us in the future could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources from our business.




 2021
 45
238
087 shares of common stock were outstanding
 7
295
442 shares of common stock were issuable upon exercise of our outstanding stock options and warrants
 213
524 shares of common stock were issuable upon conversion of preferred stock and 1
881
803 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units. The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold by investors or the perception that such sales could occur
 often called &#8220;equity overhang
&#8221; could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities in the future. The issuance of the additional shares upon an increase in our authorized shares of common stock would significantly increase the amount of our common stock outstanding and the amount of the equity overhang.




 without further action or vote by holders of our common stock
 has the right to establish the terms
 preference
 rights and restrictions and issue shares of preferred stock. Any series of preferred stock could be issued with terms
 rights
 preferences and restrictions that could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock and thereby reduce the value of our common stock. The designation and issuance of preferred stock favorable to current management or shareholders could make it more difficult to gain control of our board of directors or remove our current management and may be used to defeat hostile bids for control which might provide shareholders with premiums for their shares. We have designated and issued five series of preferred stock that no longer remain outstanding. In addition
 in February 2017
 we designated a seventh series of preferred stock
 Series G. As of February 25
 2021
 225 shares of Series G preferred stock remain outstanding. We may issue additional series of preferred stock in the future.

If we fail to comply with the continuing listing standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market
 our securities could be delisted
 which could affect the market price of our common stock and reduce our ability to raise capital.


 we must meet the current NASDAQ Capital Market continued listing requirements
 including maintaining a minimum of $2.5 million in shareholders&#8217; equity and maintaining a minimum common stock bid price of $1.00 (the &#8220;Minimum Bid Price Requirement&#8221;).&nbsp; If we were unable to meet these requirements
 including
 but not limited to
 requirements to obtain shareholder approval of a transaction other than a public offering involving the sale or issuance equal to 20% or more of our common stock at a price that is less than the market value of our common stock
 our common stock could be delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market.


 2020
 we received a notification letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) indicating that we failed to comply with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement for a period of 30 consecutive days.&nbsp; To regain compliance with this listing requirement
 the closing bid price of our common stock was required to be at least $1.00 for 10 consecutive business days within 180 calendar days from the date of the notification
 or by January 25
 2021 (the &#8220;Initial Compliance Date&#8221;).&nbsp; We did not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by the Initial Compliance Date. We subsequently requested and obtained an extension of time to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by July 26
 2021.&nbsp;


 2021
 we received a notice from Nasdaq notifying us that the Listing Qualifications Department had determined that we had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and that the matter was now closed. We regained such compliance based on the closing bid price of our common stock from February 3
 to February 17
 2021
 which had been at $1.00 per share or greater.


 there can also be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with any such continued listing requirement in the future or that our common stock will not be delisted from NASDAQ Capital Market in the future.
















 our securities could continue to trade on the over-the-counter bulletin board following any delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market
 or on the Pink Sheets
 as the case may be.&nbsp; Any such delisting of our securities could have an adverse effect on the market price of
 and the efficiency of the trading market for our securities
 not only in terms of the number of shares that can be bought and sold at a given price
 but also through delays in the timing of transactions and less coverage of us by securities analysts
 if any.&nbsp; Also
 if in the future we were to determine that we need to seek additional equity capital
 it could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise capital in the public or private equity markets.






 sale
 supply
 production and other agreements which govern our business operations. While we seek to comply at all times with these obligations
 we may not be able to comply with the terms of all contracts during all periods of time
 especially if there are significant changes in market conditions or our financial condition. If we are unable to comply with our material contractual obligations
 there likely would be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.




 regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure
 including the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) entitled &#8220;Internal Control - Integrated Framework&#8221;
 and other regulations issued by the SEC
 such as Dodd-Frank
 we may need to invest substantial resources to comply with these evolving standards
 and this investment would result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.




 damage or interruption from a variety of sources
 including but not limited to malicious computer viruses
 security breaches and defects in design. Security breaches may result from employees&#8217; failure to observe internal control protocols designed to protect the security of our network and the information on it
 or solely from external intrusion despite our best efforts to protect our network and the information on it. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information system and network disruptions
 but a system failure or breach of these measures could negatively impact our operations and financial results.

Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss
 regulatory actions
 reputational harm or legal liability.


 such as a terrorist attack
 pandemic
 security breach
 power loss
 telecommunications failure
 earthquake
 hurricane or other natural or man-made disaster
 our continued success will depend
 in part
 on the availability of key personnel
 and the proper functioning of computer
 telecommunication and other related systems and operations. Further
 we could potentially lose customer data or experience adverse interruptions to our operations in a disaster recovery scenario
 which could result in material financial loss
 regulatory action
 reputational harm or legal liability.






















 warehousing
 research and development
 distribution and administrative functions. These facilities consist of both owned and leased properties. The following table summarizes the properties used to conduct our operations as of December 31
 2020:


		

			

			

			

			

			


		
			
			
			
			
			




 California

			

			

			

			




			


			


			


			


			





 Louisiana


			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			


			





 Louisiana


			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			


			





 Montana


			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			


			





 Texas


			


			


			



 corporate office



			
			
			
			
			




 Arkansas

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			




			
			
			
			




 Texas
 where we lease approximately 5
380 square feet of administrative office space.


 the machinery and equipment are well-maintained
 the facilities are suitable for their intended purposes and they have capacities adequate for current operations. All properties are covered by insurance. Our property located in Lake Charles
 Louisiana was damaged by Hurricane Laura. We expect to complete remediation of this damage by the middle of the third quarter of 2021.




 we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business.





















s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities








 2021
 there were approximately 218 holders of record and 6
600 beneficial owners of our common stock.






















 amounts and percentages for all periods discussed below reflect the results of operations and financial condition from our continuing operations.




 an increase of $2.5 million
 or 10.5%
 compared to $23.7 million in 2019. The increase in revenue year-over-year was due to higher revenues from MGI and Golden Ridge
 offset by a small decline in revenue from our RBT operations. Higher revenue from MGI was the greatest factor driving overall revenue growth in 2020. MGI was acquired in April 2019
 and therefore
 our revenues included no MGI revenue in the first quarter of 2019
 while Golden Ridge generated positive year-over-year revenue growth in the first and fourth quarters of 2020.


 compared to gross losses of $0.9 million in 2019. The increase in gross losses was primarily attributable to higher losses at Golden Ridge due to increases in input commodity prices
 low levels of productivity
 and unmet production targets
 which added $0.8 million in expenses related to contract settlements. These dynamics were particularly impactful in the second and third quarters of 2020. Gross losses in 2020 were also negatively impacted by a decline in gross profit for our RBT operations
 offset in part by a higher gross profit contribution from MGI.


 a decline of $5.7 million
 or 41.8%
 compared to $13.7 million in 2019. The decline in SG&amp;A was primarily related to lower personnel expenses and a reduction in outside services and consultant fees
 as well as productivity gains in corporate support functions. Losses on disposition of property and equipment were $0.8 million in 2020
 compared to $0.0 million in 2019. Losses on disposition of property and equipment included a $0.1 million loss due to hurricane damage to a facility in Louisiana.
















 compared to $14.6 million in 2019
 and net losses from continuing operations were $11.7 million in 2020
 compared to $13.7&nbsp;million in 2019. There was $0.1 million of other expense
 net
 in 2020
 compared to other income
 net
 of $0.9 million in 2019. In 2020
 interest expense increased to $0.3 million as we incurred higher fees and interest expense related to an increase in average borrowings. Included in 2019 other income
 net
 was a $0.8 million gain from a settlement with the sellers of Golden Ridge.




 and it poses the risk that we
 or our customers
 suppliers
 and other business partners may be disrupted or prevented from conducting business for an uncertain period of time. The extent to which this would impact our financial results is unknown as it is dependent on future developments
 which are highly uncertain. As such
 it is difficult to estimate the exact magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business.


 and we do not expect
 any of our facilities to be subject to government-mandated closures
 and we have informed our customers that we anticipate operating throughout the COVID-19 outbreak. Disruption in the supply chain of raw materials used to produce our products
 as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak
 has not caused us to close any of our facilities
 and to date
 our employees have been reporting to work
 either remotely or in-person without any material change in attendance or productivity. However
 we cannot ensure that the COVID-19 outbreak will not cause disruptions to our business in the future.


 we applied for
 and received
 a $1.8 million SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan as discussed further in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe the funds from this loan enabled us to maintain our workforce levels during 2020 despite economic uncertainties related to our business resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. The loan and accrued interest were to be forgivable
 provided that the loan proceeds were used for the purpose of maintaining workforce levels. The loan and related accrued interest were completely forgiven in January 2021.

Liquidity
 Going Concern and Capital Resources


 compared to $13.5 million in 2019. The reduction in operating cash uses in 2020 reflected lower net operating losses
 higher depreciation and amortization
 and lower investment in working capital
 with higher inventories and accounts payable
 offset by a reduction in commodities payable and accounts receivable.


 compared to $8.0 million in 2019. Investing cash in 2019 included $3.8 million associated with the acquisition of MGI. Total capital expenditures were $1.2 million in 2020
 compared with $4.2 million in capital expenditures in 2019.


 compared to $23.1 million in 2019. On March 30
 2020
 we entered into an at-the-market (ATM) issuance sales agreement under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock. As discussed further in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 i) in April 2020
 we obtained a $1.8 million SBA Payroll Protection Program (PPP) loan and ii) in July 2020
 we secured a $2.0 million mortgage on our rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas. As further discussed in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 in the second half of 2020
 we received net proceeds of $2.3 million under the ATM agreement. The PPP loan was forgiven in January 2021.


 supplemented by proceeds from the PPP loan
 mortgage note and stock offering.


 there is no substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these financial statements are issued. Factors alleviating this doubt include the reduction in operating losses in the second half of 2020
 $5.3 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020
 a nearly 42% reduction in annual SG&amp;A
 and our ability to procure addition capital if needed through a variety of sources.




 other than operating leases with original terms of less than a year and employee contracts
 that have or are likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenue
 expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
 or capital resources.


















 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by the application of our accounting policies. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Critical accounting estimates are those that require application of management&#8217;s most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments
 often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. While we apply our judgment based on assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 actual results could vary from these assumptions. It is possible that materially different amounts would be reported using different assumptions. The following is a description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies.

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 with cost determined by the first-in
 first-out method. We employ a full absorption procedure using standard cost techniques for the majority of our operations. The standards are customarily reviewed and adjusted so that they are materially consistent with actual purchase and production costs. Provisions for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory are made based upon our analysis of inventory levels
 historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts
 while inventory determined to be obsolete is written off immediately.



We review our long-lived assets
 such as property and equipment
 operating lease assets
 and right-of-use assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are not sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized based on the difference between the carrying values and estimated fair value. The estimated fair value is determined based on either the discounted future cash flows or other appropriate fair value methods with the amount of any such deficiency charged to operations in the current year. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current operating results
 expected market trends and competitive influences. Assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value
 less estimated costs to sell.

 &#8211; Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. We may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we conclude that is the case
 or chose to not perform the qualitative assessment
 we quantify the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we will record an impairment loss based on the difference. The impairment loss will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Multiple valuation techniques may be used to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. All of these techniques include the use of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or goodwill impairment
 or both.


 exclusive of goodwill
 exclusive of goodwill
 are amortized over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are finite lived. We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances may indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset&#8217;s useful life is determined to be finite
 but the precise length of that life is not known
 the intangible asset is amortized over our best estimate of the asset&#8217;s useful life in a manner that reflects the pattern in which the asset&#8217;s economic benefits are consumed or expected to be realized. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are not sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset
 exclusive of goodwill
 is a customer relationship intangible which was recognized in the acquisition of MGI and derives its value from future cash flows expected from the customers acquired from MGI. Changes in the actual or estimated cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense
 an impairment loss
 or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current cash flows
 expected market trends and competitive influences.















 &#8211; We account for a contract with a customer when the written contract is committed
 the rights of the parties
 including payment terms
 are identified
 the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation
 to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
 which is upon delivery to the customer
 or its designee at our location
 a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts
 control of the ordered product(s) transfers at our location. Amounts invoiced to customers for shipping and handling are reported as revenues and the related costs incurred to deliver product to the customer are reported as cost of goods sold.


 including
 for example
 rebates and volume discounts
 or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration
 including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount
 we estimate the amount to which we expect to be entitled using either the expected value or most likely amount method. Changes in judgments and estimates regarding probability of collection and variable consideration might result in a change in the timing or amount of revenue recognized.














 2020 and 2019
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 changes in shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively
 the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
 providing a separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.


















 the Company&#8217;s net consolidated property and equipment and intangible assets balances were $16
367
000 and $722
000
 respectively
 at December 31
 2020. As further described in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company reviews long-lived assets
 including property and equipment and intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. Based on events occurring during the year ended December 31
 2020
 management performed an impairment assessment to test long-lived assets for impairment. The results of this assessment indicated that estimated future cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the assets. The Company&#8217;s impairment assessment required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to a number of factors
 including forecasts of revenue growth rates and cash flows.


 including revenue growth rates and operating margins
 could have a significant impact on the analysis. Auditing these assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity and increased audit effort.


 among others:



			

			

			
			





			

			

			
			





			

			

			

 comparing the projections for consistency to the Company&#8217;s strategic plans and initiatives and comparing the projections to industry forecasts.





			

			

			
			









 Texas

 2021


















December 31
 20
(in thousands
 except share




			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $9 and $347

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 wages and benefits

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 less current portion

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 20
000
000 shares authorized: Series G
 convertible
 3
000 shares authorized
 stated value $225
&nbsp;225 shares
 issued and outstanding

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 no par value
 150
000
000 shares authorized
 45
238
087 shares and 40
074
483 shares
 issued and outstanding

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			























December 31
 20
(in thousands
 except share and per share amounts)




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			

359

			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			

359

			























Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019





			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			























December 31
 20
(in thousands
 except share amounts)




			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



Balance
 January 1
 2019

			
			
			
			
			
			

098

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of costs

			
			
			
			
			
			

831

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			

003

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



Balance
 December 31
 2019

			
			
			
			
			
			

074

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of costs

			
			
			
			
			
			

850

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



Balance
 December 31
 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			

238

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			























December 31
 20





			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of issuance costs

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 net of issuance costs

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
 beginning of period

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
 beginning of period

			
			


			
			
			


			



Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
 end of period

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
 end of period

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




























 however after consideration of management&#8217;s plans and the factors below
 the Company believes substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued has been alleviated. The factors that alleviated the substantial doubt are summarized below:



			

			

			
 &#8211; As of December 31
 2020
 the Company had $5.3 million in cash and cash equivalents.






			

			

			
 &#8211; During the second half of 2020
 the Company generated a progressive decline in both operating losses and negative operating cash flows
 driven by:






			

			

			
			





			

			

			

 which the Company expects to continue.





			

			

			

 from cuts in headcount and lower expenditures on outside services and consultants.





			

			

			
			






			

			

			
 &#8211; During the second half of 2020
 the Company raised $2.4 million through its ATM facility
 despite having a share price below $1.00 and receiving a Nasdaq delisting notice. Subsequently
 on February 17
 2021
 the Company received a letter from Nasdaq confirming that it had regained compliance with this requirement. After raising $2.4 million the Company has $3.6 million in capacity remaining under its $6 million universal Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3.






			

			

			
 &#8211; The Company operates three wholly owned facilities (Mermentau LA
 Dillon MT
 and North Grand Forks MN) with no existing liens. Such facilities could potentially be sold or mortgaged to provide additional liquidity.












 production
 and marketing of products derived from traditional and ancient small grains. We create and produce products utilizing proprietary processes to deliver improved nutrition
 ease of use
 and extended shelf-life
 while addressing consumer demand for all natural
 non-GMO and organic products. We believe our products can become valuable alternatives to traditional food ingredients.


 we apply our proprietary technologies to convert raw rice bran into stabilized rice bran (SRB)
 and high value derivative products including: RiBalance
 a rice bran nutritional package derived from SRB; RiSolubles
 a nutritious
 carbohydrate and lipid rich fraction of RiBalance; RiFiber
 a fiber rich insoluble derivative of RiBalance and ProRyza
 a rice bran protein-based product; and a variety of other valuable derivatives extracted from these core products.


 SRB is a food additive used in products for human and animal consumption. We believe SRB has certain qualities that make it more attractive than additives based on the by-products of other agricultural commodities
 such as corn
 soybeans
 wheat
 and yeast.&nbsp;Our SRB products and SRB derivatives support the production of healthy
 natural
 hypoallergenic
 gluten free
 and non-genetically modified ingredients and supplements for use in meats
 baked goods
 cereals
 coatings
 health foods
 and high-end animal nutrition. &nbsp;Our target customers are food and animal nutrition manufacturers
 wholesalers and retailers
 both domestically and internationally.


 California; one company-owned facility in Mermentau
 Louisiana; and our own rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas.&nbsp; At our Dillon
 Montana facility
 we produce SRB-based products and derivatives through proprietary processes.&nbsp; Our rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas also supplies grades U.S. No. 1 and No. 2 premium long and medium white rice
 and our grain processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota
 mills a variety of traditional
 and ancient
 small grains.




 the geographic areas in which they operate
 and their major customers. The Company has one reporting unit and one operating segment
 specialty ingredients.























 or are expected to
 result in a significant change in practice and/or have a significant financial impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.


 which changes the accounting for credit losses for certain instruments
 including trade receivables
 from an incurred loss method to a current expected loss method. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance
 and subsequent guidance related to the topic
 is effective for our annual and interim periods beginning in 2023 and must be adopted on a modified retrospective approach through cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1
 2023. Based on the nature of our current receivables and our credit loss history
 we do not expect the adoption of the guidance to have a significant impact on our results of operations
 financial position
 or cash flows.




which
 among other things
 removed an exception in the guidance to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation when there is a loss from continuing operations and income or a gain from other items such as discontinued operations. We early adopted the guidance effective January 1
 2020. Adoption of the guidance had no impact on our results of operations
 financial position
 or cashflows.





 &#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates.&nbsp;



 &#8211; We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. In all periods presented
 we maintained our cash and cash equivalents with major banks. We maintain cash in bank accounts in amounts which at times may exceed federally insured limits. At times we invest in money market funds which are also not federally insured. We have not experienced any losses on such accounts.

 &#8211; Accounts receivable represent amounts receivable on trade accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the collectability of customer accounts and the aging of accounts receivable.&nbsp; We analyze the aging of customer accounts
 customer concentrations
 customer creditworthiness
 current economic trends and changes in our customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.&nbsp; From period to period
 differences in judgments or estimates utilized may result in material differences in the amount and timing of the provision for doubtful accounts. We periodically evaluate our credit policy to ensure that customers are worthy of terms and support our business plans. We generally do not require collateral.


















Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We employ a full absorption procedure using standard cost techniques for the majority of our operations. The standards are customarily reviewed and adjusted so that they are materially consistent with actual purchase and production costs. Provisions for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory are made based upon our analysis of inventory levels
 historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts
 while inventory determined to be obsolete is written off immediately.




 including current operating results
 expected market trends and competitive influences. Assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value
 less estimated costs to sell.

 &#8211; Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. We may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we conclude that is the case
 or chose to not perform the qualitative assessment
 we quantify the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we record an impairment loss based on the difference. The impairment loss will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Multiple valuation techniques may be used to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. All of these techniques include the use of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or goodwill impairment
 or both.

sets
 &#8211; Recognized intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are amortized over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are finite lived. We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances may indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset&#8217;s useful life is determined to be finite
 but the precise length of that life is not known
 the intangible asset is amortized over our best estimate of the asset&#8217;s useful life in a manner that reflects the pattern in which the asset&#8217;s economic benefits are consumed or expected to be realized. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are not sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset
 exclusive of goodwill
 is a customer relationship intangible which derives its value from future cash flows expected from the acquired customers. Changes in the actual or estimated future cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense
 an impairment loss
 or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current cash flows
 expected market trends and competitive influences.

&#8211; We lease certain buildings
 land and corporate office space under operating leases with monthly or annual rent payments. We lease certain machinery and equipment under finance leases with monthly rent payments. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are presented as operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease right-of-use assets are included in property and equipment
 net
 and the related liabilities are included as finance lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.


 beginning at the commencement date
 for leases exceeding a year. Minimum lease payments include the fixed lease components of the lease and any variable rate payments that depend on an index
 initially measured using the index at the lease commencement date. Lease terms may include options to renew when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We combine lease and nonlease components and account for them as a single lease component. Certain leases contain rent escalation clauses
 rent holidays
 capital improvement funding or other lease concessions.



















 we apply a discount rate to the minimum lease payments within each lease. When we cannot readily determine the discount rate implicit in a lease
 we utilize our incremental borrowing rate
 the rate of interest that we would incur to borrow
 on a collateralized basis over a similar term
 an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. To estimate the incremental borrowing rate
 we reference a market yield curve consistent with our assessment of our credit quality.


 we recognize amortization expense related to the minimum lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term while interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method. Expense related to variable lease payments that do not depend on a rate or index and short-term rentals
 on leases with terms less than a year
 are expensed as incurred.

 &#8211; We account for a contract with a customer when the written contract is committed
 the rights of the parties
 including payment terms
 are identified
 the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation
 to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
 which is upon delivery to the customer
 or its designee at our location
 a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts
 control of the ordered product(s) transfers at our location. Amounts invoiced to customers for shipping and handling are reported as revenues and the related costs incurred to deliver product to the customer are reported as cost of goods sold.


 including
 for example
 rebates and volume discounts
 or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration
 including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount
 we estimate the amount to which we expect to be entitled using either the expected value or most likely amount method. Changes in judgments and estimates regarding probability of collection and variable consideration might result in a change in the timing or amount of revenue recognized.


 we expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred if the amortization period would have been a year or less. Typically
 costs to incur revenue contracts are not significant.


 General and Administrative Expenses
 general and administrative expenses include salaries and wages
 bonuses and incentives
 share-based compensation expense
 employee-related expenses
 facility-related expenses
 marketing and advertising expense
 depreciation of non-operating property and equipment
 professional fees
 amortization of intangible assets
 provisions for losses on accounts receivable and other operating expenses.



 &#8211;Share-based compensation expense for stock options granted to employees is calculated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model based on awards ultimately expected to vest and expensed on a straight-line basis over the service period of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp; We recognize forfeitures as they occur.&nbsp; The Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as expected life
 volatility
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the fair value of share-based awards
 based on both historical information and management&#8217;s judgment regarding market factors and trends.&nbsp; We will use alternative valuation models if grants have characteristics that cannot be reasonably estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton model.


 share-based compensation is measured based on the fair value of the stock on the date of grant and the corresponding expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the reward. Compensation expense related to service-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.



















 share-based compensation is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant using a binomial simulation model and expense is recognized over the derived service period determined by the simulation. &nbsp;The binomial simulation model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as stock volatility
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yields based on both historical information and management&#8217;s judgment regarding market factors and trends.


 taking into consideration the probability of satisfaction of performance conditions
 in a manner consistent with awards to employees.&nbsp; The expense associated with share-based awards for service is recognized over the term of service.&nbsp; In the event services are terminated early or we require no specific future performance
 the entire amount is expensed.&nbsp; The expense associated with share-based awards made in exchange for goods is generally attributed to expense in the same manner as if the vendor had been paid in cash.

 &#8211; In May 2020
 we began
 from time to time
 to use derivative financial instruments to manage a portion of our risks related to commodity prices. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized either in cost of goods sold or in shareholders&#8217; equity as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI)
 depending on whether the derivative financial instrument is undesignated or qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
 to the extent they are included in the assessment of effectiveness
 are recorded in OCI and subsequently reclassified to cost of goods sold to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur. In the event it becomes probable the forecasted transaction to which a cash flow hedge relates will not occur
 the derivative is terminated and the amount in accumulated OCI is recognized in earnings. All cash flows related to derivative financial instruments are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. As of December 31
 2020
 there are no derivative financial instruments outstanding.




 when necessary
 to reduce that deferred tax asset if it is more likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets can be affected by
 among other things
 the nature
 frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the length of statutory carryforward periods
 our experience with utilizing operating losses and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction
 and tax planning alternatives that may be available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
 the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that may be different from current estimates of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment
 an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts
 the reversal of the liabilities may result in income tax benefits being recognized in the period when it is determined that the liabilities are no longer necessary.


 if any
 in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 






		
			

			


			




		
			

			



 currency exchange rates and yield curves.




		
			

			


			





























 2019
 we acquired substantially all of the assets comprising the business of MGI Grain Processing
 LLC
 a Minnesota limited liability company
 now conducting business as MGI Grain Incorporated (MGI) for an aggregate purchase price of $3.8 million. The purchase price included $0.3 million&nbsp;deposited in an escrow account at closing which was subsequently released to the sellers in June 2019. MGI owns and operates a grain mill and processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota. We acquired MGI as part of our strategy to expand our product portfolio.&nbsp; The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The results of MGI&#8217;s operations are included in our consolidated financial statements beginning April 4
 2019. In 2019
 we incurred $0.1 million of MGI acquisition-related costs which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses.


 2019
 the final purchase price allocation
 the consideration transferred to acquire MGI and the amounts of identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands).





			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			





 equaled the gross amount of trade receivables. The fair value of the customer relationship intangible at acquisition was estimated using an income approach based on expected future cash flows. Goodwill primarily was attributed to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition and synergies generated by MGI when combined with our existing operations.&nbsp; The $0.7&nbsp;million allocated to goodwill is deductible for tax purposes over the next fifteen years.


 2019
 presented as if the MGI acquisition had occurred January&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2019.




			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			

359

			





 2019
 or of our future operating results.





















 we acquired substantially all of the assets comprising the business of Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC
 now conducting business as Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 Inc. (Golden Ridge). The results of Golden Ridge&#8217;s operations are included in our consolidated financial statements beginning November 28
 2018. The purchase price for Golden Ridge was subject to adjustment if the estimated working capital with respect to the assets purchased and the liabilities assumed at the time of closing was different than the actual closing working capital
 as defined in the purchase agreement. We revised our preliminary estimate of the working capital adjustment in 2019 as indicated in the table below. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation as of closing and as revised in 2019 (in thousands
 except share and per share amounts).




			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

December 31
 2018

			
			

			

			
			

December 31
 2019

			




666
667 shares of common stock
 at fair value of $3.00 per share at closing

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			





666
667 shares issued at closing of our purchase of Golden Ridge in 2018 included 380
952 shares that were deposited in an escrow account to be used to satisfy any indemnification obligations of the seller that may arise. As of December 31
 2018
 the 380
952 shares remained in escrow. In July 2019
 we reached an agreement to settle the $0.6 million working capital adjustment receivable and other claims with the sellers of Golden Ridge. As a result
 in 2019 (i) 340
000 shares of common stock held in the escrow account ($1.0 million fair value as of both the settlement date and the November 28
 2018
 acquisition date) were returned to us and retired
 (ii) the remaining $0.4 million note payable we owed to a seller was cancelled and (iii) certain open grain purchase contracts with entities related to a seller were terminated. We recorded a gain on the noncash settlement of $0.8 million in 2019
 which is included in other income. In connection with the foregoing
 a settlement agreement was entered into among the parties. All shares of common stock were distributed and the escrow agreement was terminated.


 information was discovered requiring adjustments to the opening balance sheet of Golden Ridge. The adjustments resulted primarily from an overstatement of the opening balances of commodities payable and accounts payable at December 31
 2018. These balances were adjusted in the 2019 financial statements. The impact of the adjustments to our prior period financial statements is not considered significant. No subsequent adjustments have been made to the opening balance sheet.
























 we completed the sale of the assets of Healthy Natural (HN) for $18.3 million in cash and recognized a gain on sale of $8.2 million
 net of $4.7 million in taxes. The selling price was subject to adjustment if the estimated closing working capital with respect to the assets sold and the liabilities assumed was different than the actual closing working capital for those assets and liabilities. The $8.2 million net gain on sale recognized in 2017 was based on an estimated working capital adjustment of $0.3 million
 which was disputed. Our consolidated balance sheets included a liability for the settlement of the working capital adjustment of $0.3 million as of December 31
 2018. During 2019
 we finalized the adjustment with the purchaser of HN
 and increased the estimated working capital adjustment from $0.3 million to $0.5 million. We paid the $0.5 million liability in July 2019. The adjustment to lower the gain on the sale of HN as a result of the change in the estimated working capital adjustment is recorded in discontinued operations in 2019
 net of zero tax benefit. The $0.2 million in a related escrow was released and used to settle a portion of the liability for the working capital adjustment in 2019.







 2020
 we had $2.4 million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund with net assets invested in U.S. Dollar denominated money market securities of domestic and foreign issuers
 U.S. Government securities and repurchase agreements. We consider all liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.









 however certain customers have terms of up to 120 days. For substantially all of our contracts
 control of the ordered product(s) transfers at our location. Periodically
 we require payment prior to the point in time we recognize revenue. Amounts received from customers prior to revenue recognition on a contract are contract liabilities
 are classified as customer prepayments liability on our consolidated balance sheets and are typically applied to an invoice within 30 days of the prepayment. Revenues in 2020 and 2019 include $0.1 million
 or less
 in unearned revenue as of end of the prior year.






			
			

			



			
			

			

			

			

			

			





 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 as of December 31
 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 as of December 31
 2019

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			























 less than 10% of our revenues related to shipments to locations outside of the U.S. The following table presents revenues by product line (in thousands).




			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			















			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			














			
			

			

			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			

			

			





			

			
			


			
			
			


			

			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			

			

			





			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			




 cost

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			





 2020
 and $0.1 million at December 31
 2019. Assets which had not yet been placed in service
 included in property and equipment
 totaled $0.6 million at December 31
 2020
 and $1.5 million at December 31
 2019.











			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 January 1

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 December 31

			
			


			
			
			


			






















 excluding goodwill
 consist of the following (in thousands).




			
			

December 31
 2020

			
			

December 31
 2019

			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			Carrying
			Value

			
			

			
			Amortization

			
			

			
			Carrying
			Value

			
			

			
			Carrying
			Value

			
			

			
			Amortization

			
			

			
			Carrying
			Value

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 acquired from MGI in 2019
 is amortizing over the 15-year period of expected future economic benefit
 in proportion to the discounted expected future cash flows used to estimate the value of the intangible at acquisition. It is amortizing at a more rapid rate in the earlier periods than in later periods. Other finite-lived intangible assets are amortizing on a straight-line basis.


 2020
 the weighted-average remaining amortization period for intangibles other than goodwill is 12.7 years and future intangible amortization is expected to total the following (in thousands):





			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			














			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 included in cost of goods sold

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 included in selling
 general and administrative expenses:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020
 variable lease payments do not depend on a rate or index. As of December 31
 2020
 property and equipment
 net
 includes $0.2 million of finance lease right-of-use-assets
 with an original cost of $0.4 million. During 2019
 we financed the purchase of $0.2 million of property and equipment in noncash finance lease transactions.



















 2020
 we do not believe it is certain that we will exercise any renewal options. The remaining terms of our leases and the discount rates used in the calculation of the fair value of our leases as of December 31
 2020
 follows.




			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020
 operating leases have maturities extending through 2032. Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31
 2020
 follows (in thousands).




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			










 we financed amounts owed for annual insurance premiums under financing agreements. As of December 31
 2020
 amounts due under insurance premium financing agreements are due in monthly installments of principal and interest through March 2021
 at interest rates of 4.7% to 5.5% per year.&nbsp;


 we entered into a factoring agreement which provides for a $7.0 million credit facility with a lender.&nbsp; We may only borrow to the extent we have qualifying accounts receivable as defined in the agreement.&nbsp; The facility has an initial two-year term and automatically renews for successive annual periods
 unless proper termination notice is given.&nbsp; We paid a $0.2 million facility fee upon inception of the agreement which is amortizing to interest expense on a straight-line basis over two years. &nbsp;We incur recurring fees under the agreement
 including a funding fee of 0.5% above the prime rate
 in no event to be less than 5.5%
 on any advances and a service fee on average net funds borrowed. The lender has the right to demand repayment of the advances at any time. The lender has a security interest in personal property assets.&nbsp;






			
			

December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			










			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 as a percentage of average oustanding borrowings

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 as a percentage of average outstanding borrowings

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

























			
			

December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 in the acquisition of Golden Ridge
 at the present value of future payments using a discount rate of 4.8% per year
 which we determined approximated the market rate for similar debt with similar maturities as of the date of acquisition. Payable in monthly installments.

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			





 we received $1.8 million on an SBA Payroll Protection Program loan as provided for in the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES)
 enacted into U.S. law in March 2020. Under certain conditions
 the loan and accrued interest were forgivable
 if the loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes
 including payroll
 benefits
 rent and utilities
 and maintaining payroll levels. As of December 31 2020
 payments could be deferred for up to two years. The loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes and the entire loan and related accrued interest was forgiven
 in its entirety in January 2021.


 we entered into a mortgage agreement with a lender pursuant to a promissory note. In September 2020
 we borrowed $1.0 million on the note and
 in October 2020
 we borrowed the remaining $1.0 million available on the note. Interest on this note accrues at an annual rate which is the greater of 11.0% above the lender&#8217;s prime rate and 14.3%. &nbsp;In addition
 we will incur a facility fee equal to 1.0% of the amount of each advance under the promissory note. The principal amount of the note must be repaid in monthly installments ending in June 2022. The note is secured by certain real property and personal property assets of Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 Inc. As of December 31
 2021
 the note bore interest at an annual rate of 14.3%.


 2020
 follow (in thousands).





			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			





 which bore interest at an annual rate of 6.8%. Interest was payable monthly. We paid $0.3&nbsp;million of principal on the note in January 2019. The remaining principal of $0.4 million was payable upon maturity of the note in November 2019. The seller cancelled the note payable in July 2019 in partial settlement of the working capital adjustment receivable from the seller described further in Note 3.


 we borrowed under a demand loan collateralized by the investment in the money market fund described in Note 5
 at amounts and rates determined at the discretion of the lender. Borrowing under the loan averaged $0.1 million in 2019 and interest averaged 5.5%. At December 31
 2019
 the loan was paid in full.




. EQUITY
 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION



 our shareholders approved
 and we filed an amendment to our articles of incorporation
 increasing our authorized shares of common stock from 50
000
000 to 150
000
000.





















 without further action or vote by holders of our common stock
 has the right to establish the terms
 preference
 rights and restrictions and issue shares of preferred stock. We previously designated and issued six series of preferred stock of which no shares remain outstanding. In addition
 we designated and issued a seventh series of preferred stock
 Series G
 of which 225 shares remain outstanding as of December 31
 2020.


 subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
 at a ratio of 1 preferred share for 948.9915 shares of common stock. The Series G preferred stock is entitled to receive dividends if we pay dividends on our common stock
 in which case the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to receive the amount and form of dividends that they would have received if they held the common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the Series G preferred stock.&nbsp; If we are liquidated or dissolved
 the holders of Series G preferred stock are entitled to receive
 before any amounts are paid in respect of our common stock
 an amount per share of preferred stock equal to $1
000
 plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon.




 2020
 we entered into an at market issuance sales agreement with respect to an at-the-market offering program
 under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $6.0 million through B. Riley FBR
 Inc
 as sales agent. The issuances and sales of our common stock under the agreement are made pursuant to our effective &#8220;shelf&#8221; registration statement on Form S-3. During 2020
 we issued and sold 4
850
489 shares of common stock under the agreement
 at an average price of $0.53 per share. Proceeds from those sales are recorded in equity
 net of $0.2 million of stock issuance costs.


 we issued and sold 3
046
668 shares of common stock for $3.00 per share and a prefunded warrant (the Prefunded Warrant) exercisable into 1
003
344 shares of common stock for $2.99 per share
 in a private placement.&nbsp; The Prefunded Warrant had an exercise price of $0.01 per share and was immediately exercisable; however
 we had to obtain approval from our shareholders before the holder could exercise the Prefunded Warrant to the extent such exercise would result in the holder owning in excess of 19.99% of our common shares outstanding. The holder exercised the entire Prefunded Warrant automatically when our shareholders approved the exercise in June 2019. We determined the Prefunded Warrant qualified for equity accounting. The net proceeds from the offering of $11.6 million
 after deducting commissions and other cash offering expenses of $0.5 million
 are recorded in equity. We determined the exercise price of the warrant was nominal and
 as such
 have considered the 1
003
344 shares underlying the warrant to be outstanding effective March 8
 2019
 for the purposes of calculating basic EPS.


 we issued and sold 6
785
000 shares of common stock for $1.25 per share in a public offering. The net proceeds from the offering of $7.8 million
 after deducting commissions and other cash offering expenses of $0.7 million
 are recorded in equity.






 after the plan was approved by shareholders. The total shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan is 6
300
000 shares.&nbsp; Under the terms of the plan
 we may grant stock options
 shares of common stock and share-based awards to officers
 directors
 employees or consultants providing services on such terms as are determined by the board of directors. Our board of directors administers the plan
 determines vesting schedules on plan awards and may accelerate the vesting schedules for award recipients. The stock options granted under the plan have terms of up to 10 years. As of December 31
 2020
 awards for the purchase of 4
881
053 shares have been granted and remain outstanding (common stock options
 common stock and restricted stock units) and 1
418
947 shares are reserved for future grants under the 2014 Plan.



















 general and administrative expenses. Share-based compensation by type of award follows (in thousands).




			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 vested and nonvested at issuance

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			Grant
			Date Fair 
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			Grant
			Date Fair 
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







 2020
 there were no shares of nonvested common stock outstanding. A summary of nonvested common stock activity for 2019 follows (in thousands
 except share and per share amounts).




			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019 (2)

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





		
			

			



 based on our closing stock prices
 which would have been received by the holders of the stock had all such holders sold their underlying shares on the date indicated
 the dates of grant or the dates of vesting
 as applicable.




		
			

			



528 nonvested shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2019
 had a fair value of $0.1 million when the shares vested in 2020.






















000 nonvested shares of common stock to a supplier in February 2016. The shares were being held in escrow until earned by the supplier at a fixed price of $2.80 per share. We recalled and retired the 830
124 shares remaining in escrow
 after the related supply agreement terminated in August 2019. During 2019
 we released from escrow and expensed the value of 20
640 shares of common stock earned by the supplier
 at $2.92 per share. Activity in these shares is not reflected in the nonvested common stock activity table above.








			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





		
			

			


			




		
			

			



 includes options for 31
955 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $1.16 per share for which we accelerated vesting upon termination of employment for an employee in June 2019. We expensed $0.1 million of incremental expense upon acceleration of vesting.





 2020
 follows.




			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			
			

			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020
 outstanding stock options had an intrinsic value of zero
 the weighted average remaining vesting period of options outstanding was 2.6 years and unrecognized option compensation cost was $0.4 million. As of December 31
 2020
 exercisable options had an intrinsic value of zero. The intrinsic value of options exercised was $0.4 million in 2019. The following are the assumptions used in valuing stock option grants:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




























			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			



			

			
			

148

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

215

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

261

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

495

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

148

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





		
			

			



 the shares of common stock subject to the RSUs granted in 2019 vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days
 subject to a minimum service period in certain grants
 and expired on the fifth anniversary of each grant. The assumptions used in valuing the 2019 RSU grants
 which contained market conditions
 follow:







			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			





		
			

			



 we modified RSUs for a total of 227
062 shares of common stock. Prior to modification
 the shares subject to the RSUs vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days.&nbsp; Subject to a minimum service period
 as described in the next sentence
 the RSU shares vested as to (i) 22
706 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $5.00 per share
 (ii) 68
119 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $10.00 per share and (iii) 136
237 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $15.00 per share.&nbsp; Vesting on the RSU shares would have occurred the later of the one-year anniversary of the grant and the date the shares reach the vesting price indicated in the preceding sentence. The RSUs expire on the fifth anniversary of each grant at dates ranging from October 2023 to August 2024.




		
			

			



 after modification
 shares subject to the modified RSUs referred to above totaled 620
000 and vest as to 50% of the shares in December 2021 and as to the remainder of the shares in December 2022. We are recognizing the total of (i) the remaining unrecognized compensation on the awards as of the modification date and (ii) the increase in fair value of the RSUs as a result of the modification
 over the remaining two-year vesting period of the RSUs.




		
			

			


			




		
			

			



 we reversed expense recognized in prior periods on forfeited RSU shares in the amounts indicated in the unrecognized stock compensation column.





 2020
 issuance of 836
803 shares of common stock subject to certain RSUs
 386
403 of which are vested
 is deferred to the date the holder is no longer providing service to RiceBran Technologies.





















 excluding activity related to the Prefunded Warrant
 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 follows.




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			



			

			
			

532

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

252

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

035

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

645

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

532

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





		
			

			



629 shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of the warrants.




		
			

			



 the holders may elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of December 31
 2020
 warrant holders may elect to exercise cashless warrants for 3
484
675 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.96 per share and 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.25 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants may no longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants
 the shares under those warrants may again become exercisable using a cashless exercise feature.





 2020
 all outstanding warrants were exercisable. The following table summarizes information related to exercisable and outstanding warrants as of December 31
 2020.





			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			


			
			
			
			
			

570

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

645

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			










 we wrote down assets
 consisting primarily of a building
 machinery and equipment
 in the amount of $0.9&nbsp;million and incurred other costs of $0.1 million as a result of hurricane damage that occurred in August 2020. This event damaged our Lake Charles
 Louisiana property
 and operations at that facility were shut down in September 2020. We expect insurance recoveries will cover our asset loss to the extent it exceeds our $0.1 million deductible under our insurance policy. In September 2020
 we received an advance on the insurance settlement of $0.3 million and we accrued a receivable for the additional $0.7 million of expected insurance proceeds related to our asset loss. The resulting $0.1 million net loss on involuntary conversion of assets is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated financial statements. The insurance proceeds receivable is included in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The final settlement with the insurer on this matter will likely differ from the total proceeds we estimated as of December 31
 2020. We accrue estimated insurance proceeds receivable when the proceeds are estimable and probable of collection. Given the nature of recoveries of lost profits under business interruption insurance we have not accrued insurance proceeds receivable for any potential recoveries of lost profits under our insurance policy.




























			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 we have provided a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.






			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 beginning of year

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 end of year

			
			


			
			
			


			





 2020
 net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for U.S. federal tax purposes totaled $43.2 million.&nbsp;NOLs generated after December 31
 2017
 do not expire.&nbsp;Federal NOLs of $9.9 million expire at various dates from 2021 through 2037 and federal NOLs of $33.2 million do not expire.&nbsp;NOL carryforwards for state tax purposes totaled $51.6 million at December 31
 2020 and expire at various dates from 2021 through 2040.


 as amended
 and similar state regulations. &nbsp;Prior to 2019
 we experienced several ownership changes as defined in IRC Section 382(g). In general
 the annual limitation is equal to the value of our stock immediately before the ownership change
 multiplied by the long-term tax-exempt rate for the month in which the ownership change occurred.&nbsp; Any unused annual limitation may generally be carried over to later years until the NOL carryforwards expire.&nbsp; Accordingly
 we have reduced our NOL by $24.9 million in the table above to reflect these limitations.&nbsp;


 generally
 by U.S. state tax jurisdictions after 2015.



















 and income tax expense (benefit) follows (in thousands):




			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of federal tax effect

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 we determined no material liabilities related to uncertain income tax positions existed as of December 31
 2020 or 2019. Although we believe the amounts reflected in our tax returns substantially comply with applicable U.S. federal
 state and local tax regulations
 the respective taxing authorities may take contrary positions based on their interpretation of the law. A tax position successfully challenged by a taxing authority could result in an adjustment to our provision or benefit for income taxes in the period in which a final determination is made.


 among other things
 includes provisions relating to Payroll Protection Program (PPP) loans
 refundable payroll tax credits
 deferment of employer social security payments
 net operating loss carryback periods
 alternative minimum tax credit refunds and modifications to the net interest deduction limitations. The Consolidated Appropriations Act (CAA)
 2021
 enacted into U.S. law on December 27
 2020
 provides clarity on the tax treatment of CARES PPP loans and refundable payroll tax credits under CARES
 among other things. Some of the CAA provisions are expected to be effective retroactively for years prior to 2020. Except for the impact of the PPP loan we received under CARES
 see Note 11
 we do not anticipate CARES or CAA will have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.









 warrants
 nonvested shares of common stock and nonvested restricted stock units that vest solely on the basis of a service condition are calculated using the treasury stock method. The dilutive effects of the outstanding preferred stock are calculated using the if-converted method.






			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

019

			
			
			

359

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			

359

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			

359

			






















 because to do so would be anti-dilutive as a result of our loss from continuing operations. Potentially dilutive securities outstanding during 2020 and 2019 included our outstanding convertible preferred stock
 options
 warrants
 nonvested restricted stock units and nonvested stock. Those potentially dilutive securities
 further described in Note 12
 could potentially dilute EPS in the future.







 on a recurring basis
 in accumulated OCI
 and fair value is based on the quoted prices of the financial instruments (Level 1 measurements). There were no derivative financial instruments outstanding at December 31
 2020 or 2019. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable
 commodities payable and short-term debt approximated their carrying value due to shorter maturities. As of December 31
 2020
 the fair value of our operating lease liabilities was approximately $0.2 million higher than their carrying values
 based on current market rates for similar debt and leases with similar maturities (Level 3 measurements). As of December 31
 2020
 the fair values of our long-term debt and finance lease liabilities approximated their carrying values
 based on current market rates for similar debt and leases with similar maturities (Level 3 measurements).









 we periodically enter into employment agreements which incorporate indemnification provisions. While the maximum amount to which we may be exposed under such agreements cannot be reasonably estimated
 we maintain insurance coverage
 which we believe will effectively mitigate our obligations under these indemnification provisions. No amounts have been recorded in our financial statements with respect to any obligations under such agreements.


 vesting of outstanding nonvested equity grants would accelerate following a change in control.




 patent and intellectual property claims
 claims of alleged non-compliance with contract provisions and claims related to alleged violations of laws and regulations. When applicable
 we record accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred
 and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Defense costs are expensed as incurred and are included in professional fees. While the outcome of lawsuits and other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty
 in the opinion of management
 individually or in the aggregate
 no such lawsuits and other proceedings had or are expected to have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations in 2020 and 2019
 except for a contract dispute settled in 2020. During 2020
 we recognized $0.8 million in cost of goods sold related to the resolution of that contract dispute.







 Ari Gendason
 is an employee and senior vice president and chief investment officer of Continental Grain Company (CGC). As of the date of this filing
 CGC owns approximately 25.4% of our outstanding common stock. We have agreed that in connection with each annual or special meeting of our shareholders at which members of our board of directors are to be elected
 or any written consent of our shareholders pursuant to which members of the board of directors are to be elected
 CGC shall have the right to designate one nominee to our board of directors. In March 2019
 we issued and sold to CGC 666
667 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share and a prefunded warrant exercisable into 1
003
344 shares of common stock for $2.99 per share
 in a private placement.&nbsp; The prefunded warrant had an exercise price of $0.01 per share and was immediately exercisable; however
 we had to obtain approval from our shareholders before CGC could exercise the prefunded warrant to the extent such exercise would result in the holder owning in excess of 19.99% of our common shares outstanding.&nbsp; CGC exercised the entire prefunded warrant automatically when our shareholders approved the exercise in June 2019.&nbsp;







 2019
 we paid $1.4 million to entities owned by our former employee
 Wayne Wilkison. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 no amounts were owed to these entities.&nbsp;







 2020
 we received a notification letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) indicating that we have failed to comply with the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).&nbsp; Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires that companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00. To regain compliance with this listing rule
 the closing bid price of our common stock had to be at least $1.00 for a period of Nasdaq discretion
 of at least 10
 but not to exceed 20
 consecutive business days.&nbsp; We requested and obtained an extension of time to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement which was to end July 26
 2021. Subsequently
 on February 17
 2021
 we received a letter from Nasdaq confirming that we had regained compliance with this requirement.





























 2020
 under the supervision and with the participation of our current management
 including our current Executive Chairman
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Chief Accounting Officer.&nbsp; Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.


 our Executive Chairman and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2020.




 2020
 that have materially affected
 or that are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.







			

			

			

 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;





			

			

			

 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and





			

			

			

 or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 including our current Executive Chairman
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Chief Accounting Officer
 we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth in the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) entitled &#8220;Internal Control - Integrated Framework (the 2013 Framework).&#8221; Based on this analysis
 our management concluded that as of December 31
 2020
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the criteria set forth by the 2013 Framework.





















Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


 to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end
 or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K.




 to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end
 or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K.




 to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end
 or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


 to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end
 or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K.




 to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end
 or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K.























		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




		

			


			


Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on December 13
 2001


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2002


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on August 4
 2003


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2005


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on October 31
 2003


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2003


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on September 29
 2005


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2005


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on August 20
 2007


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2007


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on June 30
 2011


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2011


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on July 12
 2013


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2013


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on May 30
 2014


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2014


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on February 15
 2017


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017

			
			

		

			

			

Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of California on June 18
 2020

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2020

			
			

		

			


			


Certificate of Designation of the Rights
 Preferences
 and Privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of California on December 13
 2001


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2002


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Determination
 Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of California on October 4
 2005


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2005


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Determination
 Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of California on May 10
 2006


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2006


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Determination
 Preferences and Rights of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
 filed with the Secretary of State of California on October 17
 2008


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2008


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Determination
 Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock
 filed with the Secretary of State of California on May 7
 2009


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2009


			


			


		

			


			


Certificate of Determination
 Preferences and Rights of the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock
 filed with the Secretary of State of California on February 18
 2016


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2016


			


			


		

			


			


Form of Certificate of Determination of Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock
 filed with the Secretary of State of California on February 9
 2017


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2006


			


			


		

			


			


Amendment of Bylaws
 effective June 19
 2007


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2007


			

			

		

			


			


Amendment of Bylaws
 effective December 4
 2009


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2009


			

			


















		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




		

			


			


Amendment of Bylaws
 effective as of February 13
 2017


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			

			

Amendment to Bylaws
 effective July 30
 2019


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2019

			
			

		

			

			

Certificate of Ownership dated October 3
 2012

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2012

			
			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2014


			

			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			

			

Lender Warrant dated May 12
 2015


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2015


			

			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			

			

Description of Registrant&#8217;s Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


		

			


			


Employment Agreement with Todd T. Mitchell dated May 28
 2019

			

			


			


			


			


			


			



 2020

			
			

		

			


			


Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on June 17
 2020


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2020

			
			

		

			


			


			

			

			


			


			


			


			


			



 2020

			
			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2015


			

			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2015


			

			

		

			


			


			

			

			


			


			


			


			


			



 2018

			
			

		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2011


			

			



		

			


			


Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 9
 2017 (Preferred Private Placement)


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			


			


Registration Rights Agreement dated February 13
 2017 (Preferred Private Placement)


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			


			


Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 9
 2017 (Debt Private Placement)


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			


			


Registration Rights Agreement dated February 13
 2017 (Debt Private Placement)


			


			


			


			


			


			


			



 2017


			

			

		

			

			

Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated September 13
 2017

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2017

			
			

		

			

			

Asset Purchase Agreement with Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2018

			
			

		

			

			

Agreement for Purchase and Sale with Republic Business Credit
 LLC dated October 28
 2019

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2019

			
			

		

			

			

Purchase Agreement dated December 17
 2019 (Public Offering)

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2019

			
			

		

			

			

Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated March 7
 2019

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2019

			
			

		

			

			

At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B Riley FBR
 Inc

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2020

			
			

		

			

			

Promissory Note dated as of April 15
 2020

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2020

			
			



		

			

			

Mortgage Agreement and Amendment for Purchase and Sale with Republic Business Credit
 LLC

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2020

			
			



		

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			


 2020

			
			

		
			
			
Employment Agreement (Offer Letter) with Peter G. Bradley dated August 12
 2020
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			



















		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




		

			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			





		

			



 contract or arrangement in which any Director or any Executive Officer participates.




		

			



 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.





















 the registrant duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


		

			


			


			


		


 2021&nbsp;


			


			


		

			


			


		

			


			







 true and lawful attorney-in-fact
 with the power of substitution
 for him/her in any and all capacities
 to sign amendments to this Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
 or his substitute or substitutes
 may do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.


 as amended
 this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


		

			


			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			

			

			


			


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			



 2021


		

			


			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			
			


			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			



 2021


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2021


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2021


		

			


			


			


			

			





















	
	









RiceBran Technologies (&#8220;RBT
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or &#8220;us&#8221;) has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended: our common stock.



The following summary of the terms of our capital stock is based upon our articles of incorporation (as amended
 the &#8220;Articles of Incorporation&#8221;) and our bylaws (as amended
 the &#8220;Bylaws&#8221;). The summary is not complete
 and is qualified by reference to our&nbsp;
 which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation
 our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the California Corporations Code for additional information.


000
000 shares of common stock
 no par value
 and 20
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock
 no par value
 of which 3
000
000 shares are designated Series A Preferred Stock
 25
000 shares are designated Series B Preferred Stock
 25
000 shares are designated Series C Preferred Stock
 10
000 shares are designated Series D Preferred Stock
 2
743 shares are designated Series E Preferred Stock
 3
000 are designated as Series F Preferred Stock and 3
000 are designated as Series G Preferred Stock. As of February 25
 2021
 there were 45
238
087 shares of common stock outstanding and 225 shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding. No other capital stock was outstanding as of February 25
 2021.




 the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends when
 as
 and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Upon our liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up
 the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding shares of preferred stock.


 shareholders do not have the right to vote cumulatively. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive
 subscription
 or redemption rights. The outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to
 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of holders of shares of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future.




 preferences
 privileges
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof
 including dividend rights and rates
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 terms of redemption
 redemption prices
 liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series
 without any vote or action by our shareholders. Any preferred stock to be issued could rank prior to our common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation. Our board of directors
 without shareholder approval
 may issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and discourage
 delay or prevent a change in control of RBT.




000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock
 225 of which are issued and outstanding as of February 25
 2021. The Series G Preferred Stock is non-voting and may be converted into shares of our common stock at the holders&#8217; election at any time
 subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
 at a ratio of 1 share of Series G Preferred Stock for 948.9915 shares of common stock. The Series G Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends if we pay dividends on our common stock
 in which case the holders of Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to receive the amount and form of dividends that they would have received if they held the common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the Series G Preferred Stock.&nbsp; If we are liquidated or dissolved
 the holders of Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to receive
 before any amounts are paid in respect of our common stock
 an amount per share of Series G Preferred Stock equal to $1
000
 plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon.






















 New York
 New York
 serves as transfer agent for the shares of common stock.







The additional shares of authorized common stock and preferred stock available for issuance under our Articles of Incorporation could be issued at such times
 under such circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change in control.


















	
	





 2020




 a California corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;RBT&#8221;)
 I am pleased to provide you with this letter agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) memorializing the terms of your employment. On August 11
 2020 you were elected as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
 effective August 14
 2020; this appointment will be referenced as Executive Chairman.


		
			

			


. You will manage and oversee the operations and resources of the Company
 subject to the limitations imposed by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors (&#8220;Board&#8221;). In this capacity
 you will devote your best reasonable efforts to the business and affairs of RBT including serving as Interim Principal Executive Officer with respect to the Company&#8217;s financial statements and filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. During the Term
 you will not promote
 participate or engage in any activity or other business that is competitive with the Company&#8217;s business operations.





		
			

			


. It is the intention of the parties that this employment is temporary and interim. The term of this Agreement (the&nbsp;&#8220;Term&#8221;) will continue until either you or the Company elect to terminate&nbsp;this Agreement
 including without limitation
 if the Board determines
 in its sole discretion
 that an Executive Chairman is no longer needed.





		
			

			


. As compensation for all services provided by you
 you will receive the following:





		
			

			



000 per complete month (proportionally reduced for any partial month)
 less applicable taxes and other withholdings
 payable in accordance with the Company&#8217;s payroll practices in effect from time to time; and





		
			

			



000&nbsp;for each complete month (proportionately reduced for any partial month)
&nbsp;divided by&nbsp;(ii)&nbsp;the volume-weighted average price for the 10 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of grant
 and&nbsp;(iii) subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan; and





		
			

			



 subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans and programs as in effect from time to time.





		
			
			



		
			
			
			

		
			

			


. Your employment is not for a specific term and is terminable&nbsp;at-will.&nbsp;This means that you are not entitled to remain an employee or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries for any particular period of time
 and either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time
 with or without notice
 and for any reason not prohibited by applicable law. Upon a termination of your employment
 you will not be eligible for any severance pay or other severance benefits
 regardless of the reason for such termination of your employment. During the Term
 you will be bound by all the policies
 rules
 regulations plans
 programs
 agreements and arrangements of the Company now in force and by all other policies
 rules
 regulations
 plans
 programs
 agreements and arrangements as may be hereafter implemented and agree to faithfully observe and abide by the same.





		
			

			


			



















		
			

			


In addition
 the Company will continue to provide director's and officer's insurance coverage as and to the extent provided to the directors and other executive level officers of the Company.





		
			

			


. This Agreement
 the Plan
 the Proprietary Information Agreement and the Indemnification Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof. The provisions of this Agreement may be modified at any time by agreement of the parties; provided that such modification shall be ineffective unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.





 you expressly represent that you are under no restriction with any current or former employer or other third party
 including restrictions with respect to&nbsp;non-competition
&nbsp;non-solicitation
&nbsp;confidentiality
 or any other restrictive covenant
 that would prevent you from accepting this employment with the Company or from performing any services on the Company&#8217;s behalf. In addition
 you promise that you will not provide the Company with any confidential
 proprietary or legally protected information belonging to any current or former employer or other third party and in no circumstances will you use or disclose such information in the course of your employment with the Company. If you have any questions about the ownership of particular documents or other information
 you should discuss such questions with your current or former employer(s) before removing or copying the documents or information.


 please sign below.






			






			
			


			

			



			
			
			


			

			


			



			
			

			



			
			

			







			



			



			




			





















	
	






February 25
 2021


 in the aggregate
 constitute a &#8220;significant subsidiary&#8221; of RiceBran Technologies
 as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulations S-X.




			


			





 Inc. (1)


			




			


			





 LLC (1)


			





 LLC (3)


			





 LLC (4)


			




			


			





 Inc. (2)


			




			

			


			
			



			

			



			

			



			

			



			

			





















	
	







 333-196950
 333-199646
 333-212658
 333-217131
 333-221124
 333-230963 and 333-232447) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-110585
 333-135814
 333-199648 and 333-221781) on Form S-8 of RiceBran Technologies of our report dated February 25
 2021
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of RiceBran Technologies
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RiceBran Technologies for the year ended December 31
 2020.




 Texas

 2021




















	
	







 Peter G. Bradley
 Director and Executive Chairman of RiceBran Technologies
 certify that:


		

			



 a California corporation;





		

			



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





		

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





		

			


			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report was prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and





		

			



 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.






 2021



		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			
			




















	
	







 Todd Mitchell
 Chief Financial Officer of RiceBran Technologies
 certify that:


		

			



 a California corporation;





		

			



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





		

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





		

			


			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report was prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and





		

			



 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.






 2021



		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			
			




















	
	







 CHAPTER 63 OF

 UNITED STATES CODE)


 2020
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 we
 Peter G. Bradley
 Executive Chairman of the Company
 and Todd T. Mitchell
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


		

			


			





		

			



 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.






 2021



		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			




		
			
			
			



		
			
			

		
			
			
























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

 however certain customers have terms of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;120&lt;/div&gt; days. For substantially all of our contracts
 control of the ordered product(s) transfers at our location. Periodically
 we require payment prior to the point in time we recognize revenue. Amounts received from customers prior to revenue recognition on a contract are contract liabilities
 are classified as customer prepayments liability on our consolidated balance sheets and are typically applied to an invoice within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; days of the prepayment. Revenues in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; include &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; million
 or less



 as of December 31

 as of December 31














  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;we paid &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million to entities owned by our former employee
 Wayne Wilkison. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we received a notification letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) indicating that we have failed to comply with the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5550&lt;/div&gt;(a)(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;).&amp;nbsp; Nasdaq Listing Rule &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5550&lt;/div&gt;(a)(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) requires that companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market maintain a minimum bid price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.00.&lt;/div&gt; To regain compliance with this listing rule
 the closing bid price of our common stock had to be at least &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.00&lt;/div&gt; for a period of Nasdaq discretion
 of at least &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10
&lt;/div&gt; but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; to exceed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20
&lt;/div&gt; consecutive business days.&amp;nbsp; We requested and obtained an extension of time to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement which was to end &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 26
 2021. &lt;/div&gt;Subsequently
 on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; February 17
 2021

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  




  


 included in selling

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;variable lease payments do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; depend on a rate or index. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;property and equipment
 net
 includes &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million of finance lease right-of-use-assets
 with an original cost of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.4&lt;/div&gt; million. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; believe it is certain that we will exercise any renewal options. The remaining terms of our leases and the discount rates used in the calculation of the fair value of our leases as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;operating leases have maturities extending through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2032.&lt;/div&gt; Maturities of lease liabilities as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  

  

  
  

570



645

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



359

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;we acquired substantially all of the assets comprising the business of MGI Grain Processing
 LLC
 a Minnesota limited liability company
 now conducting business as MGI Grain Incorporated (MGI) for an aggregate purchase price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.8&lt;/div&gt; million. The purchase price included &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million&amp;nbsp;deposited in an escrow account at closing which was subsequently released to the sellers in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June 2019. &lt;/div&gt;MGI owns and operates a grain mill and processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota. We acquired MGI as part of our strategy to expand our product portfolio.&amp;nbsp; The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The results of MGI's operations are included in our consolidated financial statements beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 4
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we incurred &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million of MGI acquisition-related costs which are included in selling

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the final purchase price allocation






 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;presented as if the MGI acquisition had occurred &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1



359

 2019

 &lt;/div&gt;we acquired substantially all of the assets comprising the business of Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC
 now conducting business as Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 Inc. (Golden Ridge). The results of Golden Ridge's operations are included in our consolidated financial statements beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; November 28
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The purchase price for Golden Ridge was subject to adjustment if the estimated working capital with respect to the assets purchased and the liabilities assumed at the time of closing was different than the actual closing working capital
 as defined in the purchase agreement. We revised our preliminary estimate of the working capital adjustment in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; as indicated in the table below. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation as of closing and as revised in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; (in thousands



666
667 shares of common stock


















666
667&lt;/div&gt; shares issued at closing of our purchase of Golden Ridge in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; included &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;380
952&lt;/div&gt; shares that were deposited in an escrow account to be used to satisfy any indemnification obligations of the seller that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;arise. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;380
952&lt;/div&gt; shares remained in escrow. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;we reached an agreement to settle the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.6&lt;/div&gt; million working capital adjustment receivable and other claims with the sellers of Golden Ridge. As a result
 in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; (i) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;340
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock held in the escrow account (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million fair value as of both the settlement date and the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; November 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;acquisition date) were returned to us and retired
 (ii) the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.4&lt;/div&gt; million note payable we owed to a seller was cancelled and (iii) certain open grain purchase contracts with entities related to a seller were terminated. We recorded a gain on the noncash settlement of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.8&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; which is included in other income. In connection with the foregoing

&lt;/div&gt; information was discovered requiring adjustments to the opening balance sheet of Golden Ridge. The adjustments resulted primarily from an overstatement of the opening balances of commodities payable and accounts payable at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund with net assets invested in U.S. Dollar denominated money market securities of domestic and foreign issuers



  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 we periodically enter into employment agreements which incorporate indemnification provisions. While the maximum amount to which we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be exposed under such agreements cannot be reasonably estimated
 we maintain insurance coverage


 patent and intellectual property claims
 claims of alleged non-compliance with contract provisions and claims related to alleged violations of laws and regulations. When applicable
 we record accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred
 and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Defense costs are expensed as incurred and are included in professional fees. While the outcome of lawsuits and other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty
 in the opinion of management
 individually or in the aggregate
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; such lawsuits and other proceedings had or are expected to have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; except for a contract dispute settled in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/div&gt; During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; we financed amounts owed for annual insurance premiums under financing agreements. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;amounts due under insurance premium financing agreements are due in monthly installments of principal and interest through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 2021

 &lt;/div&gt;we entered into a factoring agreement which provides for a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$7.0&lt;/div&gt; million credit facility with a lender.&amp;nbsp; We &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;only borrow to the extent we have qualifying accounts receivable as defined in the agreement.&amp;nbsp; The facility has an initial &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt;-year term and automatically renews for successive annual periods
 unless proper termination notice is given.&amp;nbsp; We paid a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million facility fee upon inception of the agreement which is amortizing to interest expense on a straight-line basis over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; years. &amp;nbsp;We incur recurring fees under the agreement
 including a funding fee of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.5%&lt;/div&gt; above the prime rate
 in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; event to be less than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.5%














 in the acquisition of Golden Ridge
 at the present value of future payments using a discount rate of 4.8% per year



 &lt;/div&gt;we received &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million on an SBA Payroll Protection Program loan as provided for in the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES)
 enacted into U.S. law in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 2020. &lt;/div&gt;Under certain conditions
 the loan and accrued interest were forgivable
 if the loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes
 including payroll
 benefits
 rent and utilities
 and maintaining payroll levels. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;payments could be deferred for up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; years. The loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes and the entire loan and related accrued interest was forgiven

 &lt;/div&gt;we entered into a mortgage agreement with a lender pursuant to a promissory note. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; September 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we borrowed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million on the note and
 in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; October 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we borrowed the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million available on the note. Interest on this note accrues at an annual rate which is the greater of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11.0%&lt;/div&gt; above the lender's prime rate and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14.3%.&lt;/div&gt; &amp;nbsp;In addition
 we will incur a facility fee equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1.0%&lt;/div&gt; of the amount of each advance under the promissory note. The principal amount of the note must be repaid in monthly installments ending in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June 2022. &lt;/div&gt;The note is secured by certain real property and personal property assets of Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 Inc. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2021

 2020






&lt;/div&gt; we borrowed under a demand loan collateralized by the investment in the money market fund described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5
&lt;/div&gt; at amounts and rates determined at the discretion of the lender. Borrowing under the loan averaged &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and interest averaged &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.5%.&lt;/div&gt; At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2019

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;we began
 from time to time
 to use derivative financial instruments to manage a portion of our risks related to commodity prices. We do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized either in cost of goods sold or in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI)
 depending on whether the derivative financial instrument is undesignated or qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
 to the extent they are included in the assessment of effectiveness
 are recorded in OCI and subsequently reclassified to cost of goods sold to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur. In the event it becomes probable the forecasted transaction to which a cash flow hedge relates will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; occur
 the derivative is terminated and the amount in accumulated OCI is recognized in earnings. All cash flows related to derivative financial instruments are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020








  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;we completed the sale of the assets of Healthy Natural (HN) for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$18.3&lt;/div&gt; million in cash and recognized a gain on sale of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$8.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 net of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4.7&lt;/div&gt; million in taxes. The selling price was subject to adjustment if the estimated closing working capital with respect to the assets sold and the liabilities assumed was different than the actual closing working capital for those assets and liabilities. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$8.2&lt;/div&gt; million net gain on sale recognized in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; was based on an estimated working capital adjustment of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million
 which was disputed. Our consolidated balance sheets included a liability for the settlement of the working capital adjustment of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we finalized the adjustment with the purchaser of HN
 and increased the estimated working capital adjustment from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; million. We paid the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; million liability in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 2019. &lt;/div&gt;The adjustment to lower the gain on the sale of HN as a result of the change in the estimated working capital adjustment is recorded in discontinued operations in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

  
  
  
  
  
  

 warrants



019

359


131

359

131

359

&lt;/div&gt; because to do so would be anti-dilutive as a result of our loss from continuing operations. Potentially dilutive securities outstanding during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; included our outstanding convertible preferred stock
 options
 warrants
 nonvested restricted stock units and nonvested stock. Those potentially dilutive securities
 further described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 on a recurring basis
 in accumulated OCI
 and fair value is based on the quoted prices of the financial instruments (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; measurements). There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; derivative financial instruments outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; The fair value of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable
 commodities payable and short-term debt approximated their carrying value due to shorter maturities. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;the fair value of our operating lease liabilities was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million higher than their carrying values
 based on current market rates for similar debt and leases with similar maturities (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; measurements). As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;the fair values of our long-term debt and finance lease liabilities approximated their carrying values



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  







 excluding goodwill



 acquired from MGI in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; is amortizing over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;-year period of expected future economic benefit

 2020


 or chose to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; perform the qualitative assessment
 we quantify the reporting unit's fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we record an impairment loss based on the difference. The impairment loss will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Multiple valuation techniques &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be used to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. All of these techniques include the use of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or goodwill impairment


 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;E&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;xclusive of &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;G&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;oodwill&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Recognized intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are amortized over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are finite lived. We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset's useful life is determined to be finite
 but the precise length of that life is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; known
 the intangible asset is amortized over our best estimate of the asset's useful life in a manner that reflects the pattern in which the asset's economic benefits are consumed or expected to be realized. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset
 exclusive of goodwill
 is a customer relationship intangible which derives its value from future cash flows expected from the acquired customers. Changes in the actual or estimated future cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense
 an impairment loss
 or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current cash flows

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  
















 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for U.S. federal tax purposes totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$43.2&lt;/div&gt; million.&amp;nbsp;NOLs generated after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expire.&amp;nbsp;Federal NOLs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$9.9&lt;/div&gt; million expire at various dates from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2037&lt;/div&gt; and federal NOLs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$33.2&lt;/div&gt; million do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expire.&amp;nbsp;NOL carryforwards for state tax purposes totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$51.6&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

&lt;/div&gt; as amended
 and similar state regulations. &amp;nbsp;Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we experienced several ownership changes as defined in IRC Section &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;382&lt;/div&gt;(g). In general
 the annual limitation is equal to the value of our stock immediately before the ownership change
 multiplied by the long-term tax-exempt rate for the month in which the ownership change occurred.&amp;nbsp; Any unused annual limitation &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;generally be carried over to later years until the NOL carryforwards expire.&amp;nbsp; Accordingly

 generally







 we determined &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; material liabilities related to uncertain income tax positions existed as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; Although we believe the amounts reflected in our tax returns substantially comply with applicable U.S. federal
 state and local tax regulations

 among other things
 includes provisions relating to Payroll Protection Program (PPP) loans
 refundable payroll tax credits
 deferment of employer social security payments
 net operating loss carryback periods
 alternative minimum tax credit refunds and modifications to the net interest deduction limitations. The Consolidated Appropriations Act (CAA)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/div&gt; enacted into U.S. law on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 27
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;provides clarity on the tax treatment of CARES PPP loans and refundable payroll tax credits under CARES
 among other things. Some of the CAA provisions are expected to be effective retroactively for years prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/div&gt; Except for the impact of the PPP loan we received under CARES
 see Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11
&lt;/div&gt; we do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; anticipate CARES or CAA will have a material impact on our financial position

  


 when necessary
 to reduce that deferred tax asset if it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that the related tax benefits will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets can be affected by
 among other things
 the nature
 frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the length of statutory carryforward periods
 our experience with utilizing operating losses and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction
 and tax planning alternatives that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
 the ultimate resolution &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;result in a payment that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be different from current estimates of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment
 an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts

 if any
 in selling

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  

 historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 included in selling

  
  
  
  

 land and corporate office space under operating leases with monthly or annual rent payments. We lease certain machinery and equipment under finance leases with monthly rent payments. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are presented as operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease right-of-use assets are included in property and equipment
 net

 beginning at the commencement date
 for leases exceeding a year. Minimum lease payments include the fixed lease components of the lease and any variable rate payments that depend on an index
 initially measured using the index at the lease commencement date. Lease terms &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;include options to renew when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We combine lease and nonlease components and account for them as a single lease component. Certain leases contain rent escalation clauses
 rent holidays

 we apply a discount rate to the minimum lease payments within each lease. When we cannot readily determine the discount rate implicit in a lease
 we utilize our incremental borrowing rate
 the rate of interest that we would incur to borrow
 on a collateralized basis over a similar term
 an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. To estimate the incremental borrowing rate

 we recognize amortization expense related to the minimum lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term while interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method. Expense related to variable lease payments that do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; depend on a rate or index and short-term rentals
 on leases with terms less than a year

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  

 or are expected to
 result in a significant change in practice and/or have a significant financial impact on our financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments&amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;: &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt; which changes the accounting for credit losses for certain instruments
 including trade receivables
 from an incurred loss method to a current expected loss method. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance
 and subsequent guidance related to the topic
 is effective for our annual and interim periods beginning in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt; and must be adopted on a modified retrospective approach through cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2023. &lt;/div&gt;Based on the nature of our current receivables and our credit loss history
 we do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expect the adoption of the guidance to have a significant impact on our results of operations
 financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; - Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;(Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;740&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;: S&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;implifying&amp;nbsp;the Accounting for&amp;nbsp;Income&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Taxes &lt;/div&gt;which
 among other things
 removed an exception in the guidance to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation when there is a loss from continuing operations and income or a gain from other items such as discontinued operations. We early adopted the guidance effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;Adoption of the guidance had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impact on our results of operations
 financial position

  
  







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 production
 and marketing of products derived from traditional and ancient small grains. We create and produce products utilizing proprietary processes to deliver improved nutrition
 ease of use
 and extended shelf-life
 while addressing consumer demand for all natural

 we apply our proprietary technologies to convert raw rice bran into stabilized rice bran (SRB)
 and high value derivative products including: RiBalance
 a rice bran nutritional package derived from SRB; RiSolubles
 a nutritious
 carbohydrate and lipid rich fraction of RiBalance; RiFiber
 a fiber rich insoluble derivative of RiBalance and ProRyza

 SRB is a food additive used in products for human and animal consumption. We believe SRB has certain qualities that make it more attractive than additives based on the by-products of other agricultural commodities
 such as corn
 soybeans
 wheat
 and yeast.&amp;nbsp;Our SRB products and SRB derivatives support the production of healthy
 natural
 hypoallergenic
 gluten free
 and non-genetically modified ingredients and supplements for use in meats
 baked goods
 cereals
 coatings
 health foods
 and high-end animal nutrition. &amp;nbsp;Our target customers are food and animal nutrition manufacturers
 wholesalers and retailers

 California; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; company-owned facility in Mermentau
 Louisiana; and our own rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas.&amp;nbsp; At our Dillon
 Montana facility
 we produce SRB-based products and derivatives through proprietary processes.&amp;nbsp; Our rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas also supplies grades U.S. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; premium long and medium white rice
 and our grain processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota
 mills a variety of traditional
 and ancient

 the geographic areas in which they operate
 and their major customers. The Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; reporting unit and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; operating segment

 or are expected to
 result in a significant change in practice and/or have a significant financial impact on our financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments&amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;: &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt; which changes the accounting for credit losses for certain instruments
 including trade receivables
 from an incurred loss method to a current expected loss method. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance
 and subsequent guidance related to the topic
 is effective for our annual and interim periods beginning in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt; and must be adopted on a modified retrospective approach through cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2023. &lt;/div&gt;Based on the nature of our current receivables and our credit loss history
 we do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expect the adoption of the guidance to have a significant impact on our results of operations
 financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; - Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;(Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;740&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;: S&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;implifying&amp;nbsp;the Accounting for&amp;nbsp;Income&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Taxes &lt;/div&gt;which
 among other things
 removed an exception in the guidance to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation when there is a loss from continuing operations and income or a gain from other items such as discontinued operations. We early adopted the guidance effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;Adoption of the guidance had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impact on our results of operations
 financial position

 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates


 customer concentrations
 customer creditworthiness
 current economic trends and changes in our customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.&amp;nbsp; From period to period

 historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts

 including current operating results
 expected market trends and competitive influences. Assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value

 or chose to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; perform the qualitative assessment
 we quantify the reporting unit's fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we record an impairment loss based on the difference. The impairment loss will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Multiple valuation techniques &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be used to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. All of these techniques include the use of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or goodwill impairment

 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;E&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;xclusive of &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;G&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;oodwill&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Recognized intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are amortized over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are finite lived. We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset each reporting period to determine whether events or circumstances &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset's useful life is determined to be finite
 but the precise length of that life is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; known
 the intangible asset is amortized over our best estimate of the asset's useful life in a manner that reflects the pattern in which the asset's economic benefits are consumed or expected to be realized. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset to be held and used are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset
 exclusive of goodwill
 is a customer relationship intangible which derives its value from future cash flows expected from the acquired customers. Changes in the actual or estimated future cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense
 an impairment loss
 or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current cash flows

 land and corporate office space under operating leases with monthly or annual rent payments. We lease certain machinery and equipment under finance leases with monthly rent payments. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are presented as operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease right-of-use assets are included in property and equipment
 net

 beginning at the commencement date
 for leases exceeding a year. Minimum lease payments include the fixed lease components of the lease and any variable rate payments that depend on an index
 initially measured using the index at the lease commencement date. Lease terms &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;include options to renew when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We combine lease and nonlease components and account for them as a single lease component. Certain leases contain rent escalation clauses
 rent holidays

 we apply a discount rate to the minimum lease payments within each lease. When we cannot readily determine the discount rate implicit in a lease
 we utilize our incremental borrowing rate
 the rate of interest that we would incur to borrow
 on a collateralized basis over a similar term
 an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. To estimate the incremental borrowing rate

 we recognize amortization expense related to the minimum lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term while interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method. Expense related to variable lease payments that do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; depend on a rate or index and short-term rentals
 on leases with terms less than a year

 the rights of the parties
 including payment terms
 are identified
 the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation
 to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
 which is upon delivery to the customer
 or its designee at our location
 a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts

 including
 for example
 rebates and volume discounts
 or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration
 including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount

 we expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred if the amortization period would have been a year or less. Typically

 General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Selling
 general and administrative expenses include salaries and wages
 bonuses and incentives
 share-based compensation expense
 employee-related expenses
 facility-related expenses
 marketing and advertising expense
 depreciation of non-operating property and equipment
 professional fees
 amortization of intangible assets

 volatility
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the fair value of share-based awards


 share-based compensation is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant using a binomial simulation model and expense is recognized over the derived service period determined by the simulation. &amp;nbsp;The binomial simulation model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as stock volatility

 taking into consideration the probability of satisfaction of performance conditions
 in a manner consistent with awards to employees.&amp;nbsp; The expense associated with share-based awards for service is recognized over the term of service.&amp;nbsp; In the event services are terminated early or we require &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; specific future performance

 &lt;/div&gt;we began
 from time to time
 to use derivative financial instruments to manage a portion of our risks related to commodity prices. We do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized either in cost of goods sold or in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI)
 depending on whether the derivative financial instrument is undesignated or qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
 to the extent they are included in the assessment of effectiveness
 are recorded in OCI and subsequently reclassified to cost of goods sold to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur. In the event it becomes probable the forecasted transaction to which a cash flow hedge relates will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; occur
 the derivative is terminated and the amount in accumulated OCI is recognized in earnings. All cash flows related to derivative financial instruments are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020

 when necessary
 to reduce that deferred tax asset if it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that the related tax benefits will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets can be affected by
 among other things
 the nature
 frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the length of statutory carryforward periods
 our experience with utilizing operating losses and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction
 and tax planning alternatives that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
 the ultimate resolution &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;result in a payment that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be different from current estimates of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment
 an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts

 if any
 in selling


  
  

  
  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  



















 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;Assets which had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yet been placed in service
 included in property and equipment
 totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.6&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including current operating results
 expected market trends and competitive influences. Assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Ari Gendason
 is an employee and senior vice president and chief investment officer of Continental Grain Company (CGC). As of the date of this filing
 CGC owns approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;25.4%&lt;/div&gt; of our outstanding common stock. We have agreed that in connection with each annual or special meeting of our shareholders at which members of our board of directors are to be elected
 or any written consent of our shareholders pursuant to which members of the board of directors are to be elected
 CGC shall have the right to designate &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; nominee to our board of directors. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;we issued and sold to CGC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;666
667&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock at a purchase price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.00&lt;/div&gt; per share and a prefunded warrant exercisable into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1
003
344&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.99&lt;/div&gt; per share
 in a private placement.&amp;nbsp; The prefunded warrant had an exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.01&lt;/div&gt; per share and was immediately exercisable; however

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the rights of the parties
 including payment terms
 are identified
 the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation
 to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
 which is upon delivery to the customer
 or its designee at our location
 a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts

 including
 for example
 rebates and volume discounts
 or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration
 including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount

 we expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred if the amortization period would have been a year or less. Typically

  





 in the acquisition of Golden Ridge
 at the present value of future payments using a discount rate of 4.8% per year























019

359


131

359

131

359




































666
667 shares of common stock



































148

215

261








495

148


























  

532

252





035

645

532

  



 as of December 31

 as of December 31


 the geographic areas in which they operate
 and their major customers. The Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; reporting unit and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; operating segment

  
  

 General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Selling
 general and administrative expenses include salaries and wages
 bonuses and incentives
 share-based compensation expense
 employee-related expenses
 facility-related expenses
 marketing and advertising expense
 depreciation of non-operating property and equipment
 professional fees
 amortization of intangible assets

  
  
  
  
  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

 volatility
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the fair value of share-based awards


 share-based compensation is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant using a binomial simulation model and expense is recognized over the derived service period determined by the simulation. &amp;nbsp;The binomial simulation model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as stock volatility

 taking into consideration the probability of satisfaction of performance conditions
 in a manner consistent with awards to employees.&amp;nbsp; The expense associated with share-based awards for service is recognized over the term of service.&amp;nbsp; In the event services are terminated early or we require &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; specific future performance

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;

 &lt;/div&gt;our shareholders approved
 and we filed an amendment to our articles of incorporation
 increasing our authorized shares of common stock from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50
000
000&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;150
000

 without further action or vote by holders of our common stock
 has the right to establish the terms
 preference
 rights and restrictions and issue shares of preferred stock. We previously designated and issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; series of preferred stock of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; shares remain outstanding. In addition
 we designated and issued a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;seventh&lt;/div&gt; series of preferred stock
 Series G
 of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;225&lt;/div&gt; shares remain outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

 subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
 at a ratio of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; preferred share for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;948.9915&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock. The Series G preferred stock is entitled to receive dividends if we pay dividends on our common stock
 in which case the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to receive the amount and form of dividends that they would have received if they held the common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the Series G preferred stock.&amp;nbsp; If we are liquidated or dissolved
 the holders of Series G preferred stock are entitled to receive
 before any amounts are paid in respect of our common stock
 an amount per share of preferred stock equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1
000

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we entered into an at market issuance sales agreement with respect to an at-the-market offering program
 under which we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million through B. Riley FBR
 Inc
 as sales agent. The issuances and sales of our common stock under the agreement are made pursuant to our effective &amp;#x201c;shelf&amp;#x201d; registration statement on Form S-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.&lt;/div&gt; During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/div&gt; we issued and sold &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4
850
489&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the agreement
 at an average price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.53&lt;/div&gt; per share. Proceeds from those sales are recorded in equity

 &lt;/div&gt;we issued and sold &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
046
668&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.00&lt;/div&gt; per share and a prefunded warrant (the Prefunded Warrant) exercisable into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1
003
344&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.99&lt;/div&gt; per share
 in a private placement.&amp;nbsp; The Prefunded Warrant had an exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.01&lt;/div&gt; per share and was immediately exercisable; however
 we had to obtain approval from our shareholders before the holder could exercise the Prefunded Warrant to the extent such exercise would result in the holder owning in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19.99%&lt;/div&gt; of our common shares outstanding. The holder exercised the entire Prefunded Warrant automatically when our shareholders approved the exercise in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June 2019. &lt;/div&gt;We determined the Prefunded Warrant qualified for equity accounting. The net proceeds from the offering of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$11.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 after deducting commissions and other cash offering expenses of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 are recorded in equity. We determined the exercise price of the warrant was nominal and
 as such
 have considered the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1
003
344&lt;/div&gt; shares underlying the warrant to be outstanding effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 8
 2019

 &lt;/div&gt;we issued and sold &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6
785
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.25&lt;/div&gt; per share in a public offering. The net proceeds from the offering of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$7.8&lt;/div&gt; million
 after deducting commissions and other cash offering expenses of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.7&lt;/div&gt; million

 &lt;/div&gt;after the plan was approved by shareholders. The total shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; Plan is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6
300
000&lt;/div&gt; shares.&amp;nbsp; Under the terms of the plan
 we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;grant stock options
 shares of common stock and share-based awards to officers
 directors
 employees or consultants providing services on such terms as are determined by the board of directors. Our board of directors administers the plan
 determines vesting schedules on plan awards and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;accelerate the vesting schedules for award recipients. The stock options granted under the plan have terms of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; years. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;awards for the purchase of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4
881
053&lt;/div&gt; shares have been granted and remain outstanding (common stock options
 common stock and restricted stock units) and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1
418













 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; shares of nonvested common stock outstanding. A summary of nonvested common stock activity for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; follows (in thousands







 based on our closing stock prices
 which would have been received by the holders of the stock had all such holders sold their underlying shares on the date indicated
 the dates of grant or the dates of vesting

528&lt;/div&gt; nonvested shares of common stock outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2019

000&lt;/div&gt; nonvested shares of common stock to a supplier in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; February 2016. &lt;/div&gt;The shares were being held in escrow until earned by the supplier at a fixed price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.80&lt;/div&gt; per share. We recalled and retired the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;830
124&lt;/div&gt; shares remaining in escrow
 after the related supply agreement terminated in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; August 2019. &lt;/div&gt;During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we released from escrow and expensed the value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20
640&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock earned by the supplier










&lt;/div&gt; includes options for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31

 2020















 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;outstanding stock options had an intrinsic value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt;
 the weighted average remaining vesting period of options outstanding was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2.6&lt;/div&gt; years and unrecognized option compensation cost was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.4&lt;/div&gt; million. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020

148

215

261








495

148

&lt;/div&gt; the shares of common stock subject to the RSUs granted in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;sixty-five&lt;/div&gt; consecutive trading days
 subject to a minimum service period in certain grants
 and expired on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;fifth&lt;/div&gt; anniversary of each grant. The assumptions used in valuing the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; RSU grants
 which contained market conditions

 &lt;/div&gt;we modified RSUs for a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;227
062&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock. Prior to modification
 the shares subject to the RSUs vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;sixty-five&lt;/div&gt; consecutive trading days.&amp;nbsp; Subject to a minimum service period
 as described in the next sentence
 the RSU shares vested as to (i) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;22
706&lt;/div&gt; shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$5.00&lt;/div&gt; per share
 (ii) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;68
119&lt;/div&gt; shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$10.00&lt;/div&gt; per share and (iii) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;136

 &lt;/div&gt;after modification
 shares subject to the modified RSUs referred to above totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;620
000&lt;/div&gt; and vest as to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of the shares in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 2021 &lt;/div&gt;and as to the remainder of the shares in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 2022. &lt;/div&gt;We are recognizing the total of (i) the remaining unrecognized compensation on the awards as of the modification date and (ii) the increase in fair value of the RSUs as a result of the modification


 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;issuance of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;836
803&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock subject to certain RSUs
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;386
403&lt;/div&gt; of which are vested

 excluding activity related to the Prefunded Warrant
 for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

532

252





035

645

532


 the holders &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;warrant holders &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;elect to exercise cashless warrants for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
484
675&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock at an exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.96&lt;/div&gt; per share and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;25
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock at an exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$5.25&lt;/div&gt; per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;all outstanding warrants were exercisable. The following table summarizes information related to exercisable and outstanding warrants as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

570



645

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  
  

  

  
  
  



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 however after consideration of management's plans and the factors below

 2020

&lt;/div&gt; the Company generated a progressive decline in both operating losses and negative operating cash flows



&lt;/div&gt; the Company raised &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million through its ATM facility
 despite having a share price below &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.00&lt;/div&gt; and receiving a Nasdaq delisting notice. Subsequently
 on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; February 17
 2021

 Dillon MT











 customer concentrations
 customer creditworthiness
 current economic trends and changes in our customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.&amp;nbsp; From period to period

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; we wrote down assets
 consisting primarily of a building
 machinery and equipment
 in the amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.9&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million and incurred other costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million as a result of hurricane damage that occurred in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; August 2020. &lt;/div&gt;This event damaged our Lake Charles
 Louisiana property
 and operations at that facility were shut down in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; September 2020. &lt;/div&gt;We expect insurance recoveries will cover our asset loss to the extent it exceeds our &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million deductible under our insurance policy. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; September 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we received an advance on the insurance settlement of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million and we accrued a receivable for the additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.7&lt;/div&gt; million of expected insurance proceeds related to our asset loss. The resulting &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million net loss on involuntary conversion of assets is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated financial statements. The insurance proceeds receivable is included in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The final settlement with the insurer on this matter will likely differ from the total proceeds we estimated as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31


 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
















 based on our closing stock prices
 which would have been received by the holders of the stock had all such holders sold their underlying shares on the date indicated
 the dates of grant or the dates of vesting


528 nonvested shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2019





























    

 includes options for 31










































 the shares of common stock subject to the RSUs granted in 2019 vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days
 subject to a minimum service period in certain grants
 and expired on the fifth anniversary of each grant. The assumptions used in valuing the 2019 RSU grants
 which contained market conditions


 we modified RSUs for a total of 227
062 shares of common stock. Prior to modification
 the shares subject to the RSUs vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days. Subject to a minimum service period
 as described in the next sentence
 the RSU shares vested as to (i) 22
706 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $5.00 per share
 (ii) 68
119 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $10.00 per share and (iii) 136


 after modification
 shares subject to the modified RSUs referred to above totaled 620
000 and vest as to 50% of the shares in December 2021 and as to the remainder of the shares in December 2022. We are recognizing the total of (i) the remaining unrecognized compensation on the awards as of the modification date and (ii) the increase in fair value of the RSUs as a result of the modification

    























 the holders may elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of December 31
 2020
 warrant holders may elect to exercise cashless warrants for 3
484
675 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.96 per share and 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.25 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants may no longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants



    


    


    




        


        





      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      





































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        



 Share-based Compensation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    
    


    


    



 Option



    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    



 Share-based Compensation



    
    


    


    


    
    






    


    


    
    






    


    
    






    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



666
667 shares of common stock



    


    


    
    










    






    



 Stock Options



    


    


    
    


    


    


    



 Option



    







 Share-based Compensation





    



 Share-based Compensation








 Share-based Compensation








 Restricted Stock Unit




 Share-based Compensation



    





 Share-based Compensation



    







 Share-based Compensation



    
    



 Share-based Compensation



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number








 Share-based Compensation




 Share-based Compensation




 Share-based Compensation



    


    
    


    






    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options





    


    


    


    






    






    
    






    

 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    

 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    


    


    

 Options
 Exercises in Period







    
    


    
    


    

 Nonoption
 Equity Instruments Impact Of Warrant Modification After Modification Vesting

    


    
    






    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    






    










    


    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding
 Number







    


    









 Options
 Exercises in Period



    


    
    






    
    


    


    


    






    




    


    


    


    


    

 or Both
 Loss



    

 or Both



    
    


    

 or Both
 Net of Insurance Proceeds



    


    










    



 or Both



    

 Plan Modification



    
    


    




    




    


    




    


    


    


    






    


    


    










    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    






    


    







 Expensed and Capitalized



    


    
    


    




    
    



 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation



    
    


    


    


    








    
    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    








    












    












    


    




    


    




    

 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax



    
    


    


    








    


    


    
    
    










    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 at Carrying Value

    
    


    


    


    
    


    














    
    
    













 Shares Outstanding



    




    








    

 Interest Rate



    


    
    






    


    


    






    






    
    


    






    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Options





    
    


    






    




    


    


    





 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Nonvested


 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments



    


    


    


    
    

 excluding stock (or unit) options







    


    
    


    
    


    








    





 Shares



    


    


    


    


    

 Shares



    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    










    


    
    




    


    


    
    






    






    


    














    
    


    
    


    


    












    


    






    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    
    
    


    

 Right-of-Use Asset
 after Accumulated Amortization





    




    






    


    


    




    


    




    


    
    
    










    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    






    




    

 Goodwill


 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months









    

 Equity Interests

    














    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    
    

 if longer



    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Development
 and Computer Software



    
    


    






    




    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    



 General and Administrative Expenses



    
    



 no par value
 150
000
000 shares authorized
 45
238
087 shares and 40
074
483 shares



    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    















 but is not limited to




 Operating and Finance Leases

    







 Operating and Finance Lease Liability


 but is not limited to



    
    










    

 Facility Fee

    


    


    
    


    

 Funding Fee

    


    


    

 Funding Fee

    


    


    
    


    
    


    








    
    






    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Right to Designate to Board of Directors

    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    




    


    




    


    


    


    




    


    
    
    


    


    
    



 20
000
000 shares authorized: Series G
 convertible
 3
000 shares authorized
 stated value $225
 225 shares



    
    






    


    



 Intangible Assets



    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    






    







 Goodwill



    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    




    
    



 Inputs



    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    

 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the year/accounting period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations



    






    
    

 before tax effects



    
    


    



 before tax effects







    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the year/accounting period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized



    


    
    

 related to other costs for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence



    
    




    



 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    




    


    

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of warrants



    




    


    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    





 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    









 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months






 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year







    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Liability



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    

 Non Option Equity Instruments Impact of Warrant Modification

    




    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

    





 granted in period
 other than options





    




    




    





 expensed in period
 other than options





    


    
    
    


    




    





 NonOption Equity Instruments

    


    


    

 Excluding Assessed Tax



    


    
    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    




    






    




    


    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    


    


    


    








    



 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    


    






    


    


    






    
    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    





 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Right-of-Use Asset



    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    






    


    


    


    






    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    
    



 Including Discontinued Operations



    
    


    
    


    




    

 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable







    




    
    


    








    




    


    


    


    






    




    




    




    










    


    
    


    


    


    

 Fair Value
 Net



    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    










    
    


    






    








    
    


















    


    


    
    

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Feb. 25
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020














































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



238
087


































  2020




































 no par value per share





































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











263


444



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $9 and $347

819


738





878







380







340


771



Property and equipment
 net

367


077





452


752





915


915



















796


492
























Accrued salary
 wages and benefits




















Operating lease liabilities
 current portion















785


823



Finance lease liabilities
 current portion






Long-term debt
 current portion








826


812



Operating lease liabilities
 less current portion

330


674



Finance lease liabilities
 less current portion






Long-term debt
 less current portion

107







376


749

















Preferred stock
 20
000
000 shares authorized: Series G
 convertible
 3
000 shares authorized
 stated value $225
 225 shares
 issued and outstanding






Common stock
 no par value
 150
000
000 shares authorized
 45
238
087 shares and 40
074
483 shares
 issued and outstanding

218


811





910)


180)





420


743





796


492

































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.



















































































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount of borrowings from a bank classified as other
 maturing within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts






Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)

238
087


074
483



Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

238
087


074
483










Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000


000



Preferred stock
 stated value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 shares issued (in shares)






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)










Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




199


713





670


574





471)





Selling
 general and administrative expenses

971


700












289)


557)















































711)


735)












730)


735)












730)


951)




































































131
782


359
316





131
782


359
316








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))










































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).





















































































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























Amount of (gain) loss for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or occurs infrequently
 or both.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




730)


951)

































730)


951)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Amount
 before tax and reclassification
 of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.




























Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification of gain (loss) from accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2018




098
207








Balance at Dec. 31
 2018




739


229)


711




Sales of common stock and Prefunded Warrant
 net of costs (in shares)




831
668








Sales of common stock and Prefunded Warrant
 net of costs




422




422









003
344


























349













360




360









812




812






















818


























409













062




062









124)


























000)













027)




027)











951)


951)




Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2019




074
483








Balance at Dec. 31
 2019




811


180)


743









234













041




041






















577




























730)


730)




Sales of common stock
 net of costs (in shares)




850
489








Sales of common stock
 net of costs




318




318

















Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2020




238
087








Balance at Dec. 31
 2020




218


910)


420







 includes options for 31






























































































Number of shares of stock issued from sales of common stock and prefunded warrants
 net of issuance costs.






















































































Value of stock issued during the period for sales of common stock and prefunded warrants
 net of issuance costs.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











730
000)


951
000)







000





730
000)


735
000)












393
000


899
000





000


000





077
000


360
000





000


000)







000)





000)


000





000


000












000


102
000)





000)


000





000)


000)





000)


340
000)





000)


000)





946
000)


481
000)












184
000)


219
000)





000







000









777
000)





000)


996
000)







000)












450
000


134
000





583
000)


325
000)





000


000





000)


000)



Advances on long-term debt and finance lease liabilities
 net of issuance costs

762
000







000)


000)







853
000







853
000)



Proceeds from issuances of common stock and Prefunded Warrant
 net of issuance costs

318
000


422
000





000


072
000







000





684
000


127
000





181
000)


175
000





444
000


044
000







000



Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
 beginning of period

444
000


269
000





263
000


444
000










Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
 end of period

263
000


444
000





181
000)


175
000












000


000





000



































































The cash inflow from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrant
 net of issuance costs.


















































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from additional borrowings
 net of cash paid to third parties in connection with debt origination.




























Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of insurance claim
 classified as investing activities. Excludes insurance settlement classified as operating activities.




























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
















































































































































The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.





















































































Amount of (gain) loss for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or occurs infrequently
 or both.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company's multi-year history of operating losses and negative operating cash flows from continuing operations raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern before consideration of management's plans
 however after consideration of management's plans and the factors below
 December 31
 2020
2020

Improvements in revenue trends and a reduction in gross losses due to stronger execution
+ reduction in SG&amp;A
2020
 million through its ATM facility
 and receiving a Nasdaq delisting notice. Subsequently

 2021
 wholly owned facilities (Mermentau LA
 Dillon MT
 and North Grand Forks MN) with 



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Organization
 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation
 Business Description and Accounting Policies [Text Block]
We are a specialty ingredient company focused on the development
 production
 and marketing of products derived from traditional and ancient small grains. We create and produce products utilizing proprietary processes to deliver improved nutrition
 ease of use
 and extended shelf-life
 while addressing consumer demand for all natural
Notably
 we apply our proprietary technologies to convert raw rice bran into stabilized rice bran (SRB)
 and high value derivative products including: RiBalance
 a rice bran nutritional package derived from SRB; RiSolubles
 a nutritious
 carbohydrate and lipid rich fraction of RiBalance; RiFiber
 a fiber rich insoluble derivative of RiBalance and ProRyza
In granular form
 SRB is a food additive used in products for human and animal consumption. We believe SRB has certain qualities that make it more attractive than additives based on the by-products of other agricultural commodities
 such as corn
 soybeans
 wheat
 and yeast.&nbsp;Our SRB products and SRB derivatives support the production of healthy
 natural
 hypoallergenic
 gluten free
 and non-genetically modified ingredients and supplements for use in meats
 baked goods
 cereals
 coatings
 health foods
 and high-end animal nutrition. &nbsp;Our target customers are food and animal nutrition manufacturers
 wholesalers and retailers
 leased facilities located within supplier-owned rice mills in Arbuckle and West Sacramento
 company-owned facility in Mermentau
 Louisiana; and our own rice mill in Wynne
 Arkansas.&nbsp; At our Dillon
 Montana facility
 we produce SRB-based products and derivatives through proprietary processes.&nbsp; Our rice mill in Wynne
 premium long and medium white rice
 and our grain processing facility in East Grand Forks
 Minnesota
 mills a variety of traditional
 and ancient
An operating segment is defined as a component of a business for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. The &#x201c;Segment Reporting&#x201d; topic of the FASB ASC requires that public companies report certain information about operating segments. It also requires that public companies report certain information about their products and services
 the geographic areas in which they operate
 operating segment
 yet adopted that will
 or are expected to
 result in a significant change in practice and/or have a significant financial impact on our financial position
 June 2016
 which changes the accounting for credit losses for certain instruments
 including trade receivables
 from an incurred loss method to a current expected loss method. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance
 and subsequent guidance related to the topic
 January 1

 expect the adoption of the guidance to have a significant impact on our results of operations
 financial position
 December 2019
which
 among other things

 impact on our results of operations
 financial position
 &#x2013; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates
 months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. In all periods presented
 &#x2013; Accounts receivable represent amounts receivable on trade accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the collectability of customer accounts and the aging of accounts receivable.&nbsp; We analyze the aging of customer accounts
 customer concentrations
 customer creditworthiness
 current economic trends and changes in our customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.&nbsp; From period to period
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We employ a full absorption procedure using standard cost techniques for the majority of our operations. The standards are customarily reviewed and adjusted so that they are materially consistent with actual purchase and production costs. Provisions for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory are made based upon our analysis of inventory levels
 historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts
 sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized based on the difference between the carrying value and estimated fair value. The estimated fair value is determined based on either the discounted future cash flows or other appropriate fair value methods with the amount of any indicated deficiency charged to operations in the current year. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current operating results
 expected market trends and competitive influences. Assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value
 that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we conclude that is the case
 perform the qualitative assessment
 we quantify the reporting unit's fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
be used to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. All of these techniques include the use of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or goodwill impairment
sets
 &#x2013; Recognized intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are amortized over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset's useful life is determined to be finite
 known
 sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset
 exclusive of goodwill
 is a customer relationship intangible which derives its value from future cash flows expected from the acquired customers. Changes in the actual or estimated future cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense
 an impairment loss
 or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current cash flows
&#x2013; We lease certain buildings
 land and corporate office space under operating leases with monthly or annual rent payments. We lease certain machinery and equipment under finance leases with monthly rent payments. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are presented as operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease right-of-use assets are included in property and equipment
 net
We recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term
 beginning at the commencement date
 for leases exceeding a year. Minimum lease payments include the fixed lease components of the lease and any variable rate payments that depend on an index
include options to renew when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We combine lease and nonlease components and account for them as a single lease component. Certain leases contain rent escalation clauses
 rent holidays
In determining our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
 we apply a discount rate to the minimum lease payments within each lease. When we cannot readily determine the discount rate implicit in a lease
 we utilize our incremental borrowing rate
 the rate of interest that we would incur to borrow
 on a collateralized basis over a similar term
 an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. To estimate the incremental borrowing rate
We recognize operating lease expense related to the minimum lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance leases
 depend on a rate or index and short-term rentals
 on leases with terms less than a year
 &#x2013; We account for a contract with a customer when the written contract is committed
 the rights of the parties
 including payment terms
 are identified
 the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation
 to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
 which is upon delivery to the customer
 or its designee at our location
 a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts
include terms that could cause variability in the transaction price
 including
 for example
 rebates and volume discounts
 or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration
 including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount
Incremental costs of obtaining a revenue contract are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected customer relationship period if we expect to recover those costs. As a practical expedient
 we expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred if the amortization period would have been a year or less. Typically
 costs to incur revenue contracts are 

 general and administrative expenses include salaries and wages
 bonuses and incentives
 share-based compensation expense
 employee-related expenses
 facility-related expenses
 marketing and advertising expense
 depreciation of non-operating property and equipment
 professional fees
 amortization of intangible assets
 &#x2013;Share-based compensation expense for stock options granted to employees is calculated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model based on awards ultimately expected to vest and expensed on a straight-line basis over the service period of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp; We recognize forfeitures as they occur.&nbsp; The Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as expected life
 volatility
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the fair value of share-based awards
For awards of nonvested stock to employees
For restricted stock units issued to employees with market conditions
 share-based compensation is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant using a binomial simulation model and expense is recognized over the derived service period determined by the simulation. &nbsp;The binomial simulation model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as stock volatility
Share-based compensation for awards to nonemployees is calculated as of the grant date
 taking into consideration the probability of satisfaction of performance conditions
 specific future performance
 May 2020

 from time to time
 use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized either in cost of goods sold or in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI)
 depending on whether the derivative financial instrument is undesignated or qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
 to the extent they are included in the assessment of effectiveness
 occur

 2020
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established
 when necessary
 be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets can be affected by
 among other things
 the nature
 frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the length of statutory carryforward periods
 our experience with utilizing operating losses and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction
be available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
be different from current estimates of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment
 an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts
We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
 if any
 in selling
 &#x2013; inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and observable inputs such as interest rates
 currency exchange rates and yield curves.



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 April 4
 2019

 LLC
 a Minnesota limited liability company
MGI owns and operates a grain mill and processing facility in East Grand Forks

2019
 million of MGI acquisition-related costs which are included in selling
 December 31
 2019

3
3
1
3
The fair value of MGI's trade receivables at acquisition
 December 31
 2019
1
24
(13
32
359
 January 1
 2019
 November 2018

 LLC
 now conducting business as Golden Ridge Rice Mills


 (in thousands
December 31
December 31
1
666
667 shares of common stock
5
5
2
2
(1
7
7
1
1
5
5
(2
(2
4
4
3
3
1
666
380
 December 31
 2018
380
 July 2019
 million working capital adjustment receivable and other claims with the sellers of Golden Ridge. As a result
340
 November 28
 2018

2019

2019
 December 31
 2018. 







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Disclosure [Text Block]
 July 2017
 million
 million
 December 31
2019

2019




































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 December 31
 2020
 million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund with net assets invested in U.S. Dollar denominated money market securities of domestic and foreign issuers
 U.S. Government securities and repurchase agreements. We consider all liquid investments with original maturities of 







The entire disclosure for cash and cash equivalent footnotes
  which may include the types of deposits and money market instruments
 applicable carrying amounts
 restricted amounts and compensating balance arrangements. Cash and equivalents include: (1) currency on hand (2) demand deposits with banks or financial institutions (3) other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits (4) short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments maturing within three months from the date of acquisition qualify.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 days or less
 days. For substantially all of our contracts
 control of the ordered product(s) transfers at our location. Periodically
 we require payment prior to the point in time we recognize revenue. Amounts received from customers prior to revenue recognition on a contract are contract liabilities
 million
 or less
% of revenue
% of revenue
% of accounts receivable
 as of December 31
% of accounts receivable
 as of December 31
24
22
1
1
26
23
In all periods presented
18
16
8
6
26
23
713













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







1
1
878



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
9
9
40 years
1
1
1
2
15
16
16
Property and equipment
29
31
13
11
Property and equipment
16
19
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 yet been placed in service
 included in property and equipment
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2019.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Goodwill
3
3
Goodwill
3
3
Intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
December 31
December 31
The customer relationship intangible

-year period of expected future economic benefit
 December 31
 2020
 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Lessee
 Operating and Finance Leases [Text Block]
Amortization of right-of use assets
Operating lease cost
 included in selling
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2020

 net
 million of finance lease right-of-use-assets
2019
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2020
1
3
2
674







The entire disclosure for operating and finance leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lease and maturity analysis of lease liability.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







2019
 December 31
 2020
 March 2021
 October 2019
-year term and automatically renews for successive annual periods
 years. &nbsp;We incur recurring fees under the agreement
 above the prime rate
5.5%
December 31
1
1
Debt issuance costs
1
1
1
Fees paid
Interest paid
December 31
1
1
Net of $25 debt issuance costs issuance costs at December 31
Equipment notes - Initially recorded in November 2018
 in the acquisition of Golden Ridge
 at the present value of future payments using a discount rate of 4.8% per year
Total long term debt
3
 April 2020
 million on an SBA Payroll Protection Program loan as provided for in the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES)
Under certain conditions
 the loan and accrued interest were forgivable
 if the loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes
 including payroll
 benefits
 rent and utilities

 years. The loan proceeds were used for eligible purposes and the entire loan and related accrued interest was forgiven
 July 2020
 September 2020
 million on the note and

 &nbsp;In addition
The note is secured by certain real property and personal property assets of Golden Ridge Rice Mills

 2021
 December 31
 2020
3
3
Total long term debt
3
We previously held a note payable to the seller of Golden Ridge
2019
5
 December 31
 2019
 







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings


Dec. 31
 2020







. EQUITY
 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
 June 2020

 and we filed an amendment to our articles of incorporation

000
150
000
Our board of directors
 without further action or vote by holders of our common stock
 has the right to establish the terms
 preference
 shares remain outstanding. In addition
 series of preferred stock
 Series G
 December 31
be converted into shares of our common stock at the holders' election at any time
 subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
 shares of common stock. The Series G preferred stock is entitled to receive dividends if we pay dividends on our common stock
 in which case the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to receive the amount and form of dividends that they would have received if they held the common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the Series G preferred stock.&nbsp; If we are liquidated or dissolved
 the holders of Series G preferred stock are entitled to receive
 before any amounts are paid in respect of our common stock

000
 March 30
 2020

 million through B. Riley FBR
 Inc
2020
4
850

 per share. Proceeds from those sales are recorded in equity
 March 2019
3
046
1
003
 per share
 per share and was immediately exercisable; however
 million
 million
 are recorded in equity. We determined the exercise price of the warrant was nominal and
 as such

003
 March 8
 2019
 December 2019
6
785
 million
 million
 August 2014
6
300

grant stock options
 shares of common stock and share-based awards to officers
 directors
 employees or consultants providing services on such terms as are determined by the board of directors. Our board of directors administers the plan
 December 31
 2020
4
881


418
Share-based compensation expenses related to employees and directors are included in selling
Common stock
1
1
83
219
71
30
59
39
214
289
 December 31
 2020
 follows (in thousands
Nonvested at January 1
193
150
(227
Nonvested at December 31
116
Represents pre-tax fair value
 based on our closing stock prices
 which would have been received by the holders of the stock had all such holders sold their underlying shares on the date indicated
 the dates of grant or the dates of vesting
116
 December 31
 2019
950
830

2019
20

996
950
653
385
(165
(973
(174
675
996
2019
31
 December 31
 2020
78
68
348
33
126
47
92
46
23
23
6
6
675
225
 December 31
 2020
 
 December 31
 2020
1
148
1
215
1
261
213
(227
620
(386
(625
(296
(280
1
495
1
148
2020
 consecutive trading days
 subject to a minimum service period in certain grants
 RSU grants
 which contained market conditions
 December 2020
227

 consecutive trading days.&nbsp; Subject to a minimum service period
 as described in the next sentence

 per share

136
 December 2020


We are recognizing the total of (i) the remaining unrecognized compensation on the awards as of the modification date and (ii) the increase in fair value of the RSUs as a result of the modification
2019
 December 31
 2020
836



Warrant activity
 excluding activity related to the Prefunded Warrant

2019
7
532
10
252
(12
(685
(215
(657
(2
035
6
645
7
532
54
Under the terms of certain outstanding warrants
 December 31
 2020
3
484
25
 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
6
570
50
25
6
645
916



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity and share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disclosure of policy and terms of share-based payment arrangement
 deferred compensation arrangement
 and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Unusual or Infrequent Items
 or Both
 Disclosure [Text Block]
2020

 consisting primarily of a building
 machinery and equipment
This event damaged our Lake Charles
 Louisiana property
 September 2020
 million net loss on involuntary conversion of assets is included in selling

 2020. 



































The entire disclosure for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







11
7
12
8
(12
(8
 be realized. Accordingly
Vaulation allowances
8
5
3
3
Valuation allowance
12
8
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2017
 December 31
1986


(g). In general
 the annual limitation is equal to the value of our stock immediately before the ownership change
generally be carried over to later years until the NOL carryforwards expire.&nbsp; Accordingly
 and
 generally
Reconciliations between the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to loss before income taxes
(2
(2
State tax benefit
3
3
Based on an analysis of tax positions taken on income tax returns filed
 December 31
 Although we believe the amounts reflected in our tax returns substantially comply with applicable U.S. federal
 state and local tax regulations
CARES
 among other things
 includes provisions relating to Payroll Protection Program (PPP) loans
 refundable payroll tax credits
 deferment of employer social security payments
 net operating loss carryback periods
 alternative minimum tax credit refunds and modifications to the net interest deduction limitations. The Consolidated Appropriations Act (CAA)

 December 27
 2020

 Except for the impact of the PPP loan we received under CARES

 anticipate CARES or CAA will have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net income attributable to RiceBran Technologies common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period increased by the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the impact of assumed exercises and conversions is dilutive. The dilutive effects of outstanding options
 warrants
(11
(13
41
019
32
359
111
41
131
32
359
41
131
32
359
2019
 included our outstanding convertible preferred stock
 options
 warrants
 nonvested restricted stock units and nonvested stock. Those potentially dilutive securities















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value
 on a recurring basis
 in accumulated OCI
 December 31
 The fair value of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts payable

 2020
 million higher than their carrying values
 December 31
 2020

 based on current market rates for similar debt and leases with similar maturities (Level 



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







In the normal course of business
be exposed under such agreements cannot be reasonably estimated
 we maintain insurance coverage
We have employment contracts with certain officers and key management that include provisions for potential severance payments in the event of without-cause terminations or terminations under certain circumstances after a change in control. In addition
relate to employment and labor claims
 patent and intellectual property claims
 claims of alleged non-compliance with contract provisions and claims related to alleged violations of laws and regulations. When applicable
 we record accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred
 and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Defense costs are expensed as incurred and are included in professional fees. While the outcome of lawsuits and other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty
 in the opinion of management
 individually or in the aggregate
2019
2020














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Our director
 Ari Gendason
 is an employee and senior vice president and chief investment officer of Continental Grain Company (CGC). As of the date of this filing
 of our outstanding common stock. We have agreed that in connection with each annual or special meeting of our shareholders at which members of our board of directors are to be elected
 or any written consent of our shareholders pursuant to which members of the board of directors are to be elected
 March 2019
666
1
003
 per share
 per share and was immediately exercisable; however
 we had to obtain approval from our shareholders before CGC could exercise the prefunded warrant to the extent such exercise would result in the holder owning in excess of 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 March 31
 2019
 million to entities owned by our former employee

2019














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 July 27
 2020
 To regain compliance with this listing rule
 for a period of Nasdaq discretion

20
 July 26


 2021
 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Segment Reporting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
An operating segment is defined as a component of a business for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. The &#x201c;Segment Reporting&#x201d; topic of the FASB ASC requires that public companies report certain information about operating segments. It also requires that public companies report certain information about their products and services
 the geographic areas in which they operate
 operating segment
 specialty ingredients.



New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 yet adopted that will
 or are expected to
 result in a significant change in practice and/or have a significant financial impact on our financial position
 June 2016
 which changes the accounting for credit losses for certain instruments
 including trade receivables
 from an incurred loss method to a current expected loss method. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance
 and subsequent guidance related to the topic
 January 1

 expect the adoption of the guidance to have a significant impact on our results of operations
 financial position
 December 2019
which
 among other things

 impact on our results of operations
 financial position
 or cashflows.



Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#x2013; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates
 actual results could differ from those estimates.&nbsp;



Reclassification
 Comparability Adjustment [Policy Text Block]




Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. In all periods presented
 we maintained our cash and cash equivalents with major banks. We maintain cash in bank accounts in amounts which at times 




 &#x2013; Accounts receivable represent amounts receivable on trade accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the collectability of customer accounts and the aging of accounts receivable.&nbsp; We analyze the aging of customer accounts
 customer concentrations
 customer creditworthiness
 current economic trends and changes in our customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.&nbsp; From period to period
 differences in judgments or estimates utilized 



Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We employ a full absorption procedure using standard cost techniques for the majority of our operations. The standards are customarily reviewed and adjusted so that they are materially consistent with actual purchase and production costs. Provisions for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory are made based upon our analysis of inventory levels
 historical obsolescence and future sales forecasts
 while inventory determined to be obsolete is written off immediately.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized based on the difference between the carrying value and estimated fair value. The estimated fair value is determined based on either the discounted future cash flows or other appropriate fair value methods with the amount of any indicated deficiency charged to operations in the current year. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current operating results
 expected market trends and competitive influences. Assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value
 less estimated costs to sell.



Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Goodwill
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we conclude that is the case
 perform the qualitative assessment
 we quantify the reporting unit's fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
be used to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. All of these techniques include the use of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or goodwill impairment
 or both.



Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
sets
 &#x2013; Recognized intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
 are amortized over the useful lives of the assets unless that life is determined to be indefinite. All of our intangible assets
 exclusive of goodwill
indicate that a revision to the useful life is warranted to reflect the remaining expected use of the asset. If an intangible asset's useful life is determined to be finite
 known
 sufficient to recover the unamortized balance of the asset. Our primary intangible asset
 exclusive of goodwill
 is a customer relationship intangible which derives its value from future cash flows expected from the acquired customers. Changes in the actual or estimated future cash flows of these customers could result in a material adjustment to amortization expense
 an impairment loss
 or both. Estimates of future cash flows are based on many factors
 including current cash flows
 expected market trends and competitive influences.



Lessee
 Leases [Policy Text Block]
&#x2013; We lease certain buildings
 land and corporate office space under operating leases with monthly or annual rent payments. We lease certain machinery and equipment under finance leases with monthly rent payments. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are presented as operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease right-of-use assets are included in property and equipment
 net
We recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term
 beginning at the commencement date
 for leases exceeding a year. Minimum lease payments include the fixed lease components of the lease and any variable rate payments that depend on an index
include options to renew when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We combine lease and nonlease components and account for them as a single lease component. Certain leases contain rent escalation clauses
 rent holidays
In determining our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
 we apply a discount rate to the minimum lease payments within each lease. When we cannot readily determine the discount rate implicit in a lease
 we utilize our incremental borrowing rate
 the rate of interest that we would incur to borrow
 on a collateralized basis over a similar term
 an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. To estimate the incremental borrowing rate
We recognize operating lease expense related to the minimum lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance leases
 depend on a rate or index and short-term rentals
 on leases with terms less than a year
 are expensed as incurred.




 &#x2013; We account for a contract with a customer when the written contract is committed
 the rights of the parties
 including payment terms
 are identified
 the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Substantially all of our revenue is derived by fulfilling customer orders for the purchase of our products under contracts which contain a single performance obligation
 to supply continually defined quantities of product at fixed prices. We account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
 which is upon delivery to the customer
 or its designee at our location
 a customer location or other customer-designated delivery point. For substantially all of our contracts
include terms that could cause variability in the transaction price
 including
 for example
 rebates and volume discounts
 or other forms of contingent revenue. The amount of consideration we expect to receive and revenue we recognize includes estimates of variable consideration
 including costs for rebates and discounts. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount
Incremental costs of obtaining a revenue contract are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected customer relationship period if we expect to recover those costs. As a practical expedient
 we expense costs to obtain a contract as incurred if the amortization period would have been a year or less. Typically
 costs to incur revenue contracts are 



Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
 Policy [Policy Text Block]


 general and administrative expenses include salaries and wages
 bonuses and incentives
 share-based compensation expense
 employee-related expenses
 facility-related expenses
 marketing and advertising expense
 depreciation of non-operating property and equipment
 professional fees
 amortization of intangible assets
 provisions for losses on accounts receivable and other operating expenses.



Research
 Development
 and Computer Software
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Director [Policy Text Block]
 &#x2013;Share-based compensation expense for stock options granted to employees is calculated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model based on awards ultimately expected to vest and expensed on a straight-line basis over the service period of the grant.&nbsp;&nbsp; We recognize forfeitures as they occur.&nbsp; The Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as expected life
 volatility
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the fair value of share-based awards
For awards of nonvested stock to employees
For restricted stock units issued to employees with market conditions
 share-based compensation is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant using a binomial simulation model and expense is recognized over the derived service period determined by the simulation. &nbsp;The binomial simulation model requires us to estimate key assumptions such as stock volatility
Share-based compensation for awards to nonemployees is calculated as of the grant date
 taking into consideration the probability of satisfaction of performance conditions
 specific future performance
 the entire amount is expensed.&nbsp; The expense associated with share-based awards made in exchange for goods is generally attributed to expense in the same manner as if the vendor had been paid in cash.



Derivatives
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 May 2020

 from time to time
 use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized either in cost of goods sold or in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI)
 depending on whether the derivative financial instrument is undesignated or qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
 to the extent they are included in the assessment of effectiveness
 occur

 2020
 



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established
 when necessary
 be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets can be affected by
 among other things
 the nature
 frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the length of statutory carryforward periods
 our experience with utilizing operating losses and tax credit carryforwards by jurisdiction
be available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
be different from current estimates of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment
 an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts
We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
 if any
 in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 



Fair Value Measurement
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#x2013; inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and observable inputs such as interest rates
 currency exchange rates and yield curves.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for its research and development and computer software activities including the accounting treatment for costs incurred for (1) research and development activities
 (2) development of computer software for internal use
 (3) computer software to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award granted to director under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







3
3
1
3
December 31
December 31
1
666
667 shares of common stock
5
5
2
2
(1
7
7
1
1
5
5
(2
(2
4
4
3
3
178



Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block]
24
(13
32
359
316










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedules of Concentration of Risk
 by Risk Factor [Table Text Block]
% of revenue
% of revenue
% of accounts receivable
 as of December 31
% of accounts receivable
 as of December 31
 2019




24
22
1
1
26
23
713




18
16
8
6
26
23
713







Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.

























































Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
1
1
878







Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
9
9
40 years
1
1
1
2
15
16
16
Property and equipment
29
31
13
11
Property and equipment
16
19
077







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Goodwill
3
3
Goodwill
3
3
915




December 31
December 31
 2019



Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]








Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block]
Amortization of right-of use assets
Operating lease cost
 included in selling
 general and administrative expenses:



Lessee
 Operating and Finance Leases
 Remaining Terms and Discount Rates [Table Text Block]




Lessee
 Operating and Finance Lease Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block]
1
3
2
674







Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating and finance lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.

























































Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
1
1
Debt issuance costs
1
1
1
Fees paid
Interest paid
 as a percentage of average outstanding borrowings




December 31
1
1
Net of $25 debt issuance costs issuance costs at December 31
Equipment notes - Initially recorded in November 2018
 in the acquisition of Golden Ridge
 at the present value of future payments using a discount rate of 4.8% per year
Total long term debt
3
679




3
3
Total long term debt
3
679







Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))



























Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020






Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Table Text Block]
Common stock
1
1
300



Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Activity [Table Text Block]
83
219
71
30
59
39
214
289
349




Nonvested at January 1
193
150
(227
Nonvested at December 31
116
528



Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option
 Activity [Table Text Block]
996
950
653
385
(165
(973
(174
675
996
009



Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option
 Exercise Price Range [Table Text Block]
78
68
348
33
126
47
92
46
23
23
6
6
675
225
991



Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]




Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Restricted Stock Unit
 Activity [Table Text Block]
1
148
1
215
1
261
213
(227
620
(386
(625
(296
(280
1
495
1
148
062



Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Restricted Stock Unit Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]




Schedule of Stockholders' Equity Note
 Warrants or Rights [Table Text Block]
7
532
10
252
(12
(685
(215
(657
(2
035
6
645
7
532
280




6
570
50
25
6
645
916







Tabular disclosure of warrant exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of warrants
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual warrant terms.






















































































Tabular disclosure of allocation of amount expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement to statement of income or comprehensive income and statement of financial position. Includes
 but is not limited to
 corresponding line item in financial statement.




























Tabular disclosure of activity for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding award at beginning and end of year
 granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







11
7
12
8
(12
(8
687




Vaulation allowances
8
5
3
3
Valuation allowance
12
8
687



Schedule of Income before Income Tax
 Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block]
(2
(2
State tax benefit
3
3
341







Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to net realizable value
 including identification of the deferred tax asset more likely than not will not be fully realized and the corresponding amount of the valuation allowance.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
(11
(13
41
019
32
359
111
41
131
32
359
41
131
32
359
316







Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2020
Mar. 30
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

263
000




444
000


044
000














Proceeds from Issuance or Sale of Equity
 Total

400
000









Equity Offering
 Remaining Offering Amount

600
000









Equity Offering
 Maximum Offering Amount

000
000


000
000


















Percentage of Reduction in Selling
 General and Administrative Expense








































































The percentage of reduction in selling
 general and administrative expense.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










































































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 04
 2019
Jul. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Nov. 30
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross













777



Goodwill
 Ending Balance





178




915


915


915



Revenue from Contract with Customer
 Excluding Assessed Tax
 Total











199


713



Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
 Total











730)


951)



Retirement of Shares Received in Settlement with Sellers
 Value













027




















MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member]
















Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
 Total
















Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual
















MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member]
















Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross

800








795
























Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs
















Goodwill
 Ending Balance
















Business Combination
 Goodwill
 Deductible Period for Tax Purposes (Year)
















Revenue from Contract with Customer
 Excluding Assessed Tax
 Total











200





Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual













900



Business Combination
 Working Capital Adjustment
















Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC [Member]
















Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross
















Goodwill
 Ending Balance





178




178




178



Business Acquisition
 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable
 Number of Shares (in shares)





666
667


666
667






666
667



Business Acquisition
 Equity Interests
 Number of Shares Deposited in Escrow Account (in shares)







952









Business Combination
 Working Capital Adjustment





147











Retirement of Shares Received in Settlement with Sellers
 Shares (in shares)



000













Retirement of Shares Received in Settlement with Sellers
 Value



000






























Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]
















Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount

















































The period in which goodwill is deductible for tax purposes in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.













































































































































































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.













































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 04
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Nov. 30
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019














777







178




915


915


915



MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member]
















800






795






























777




























































560




560









































040




040

































MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member] | Customer Relationships [Member]





























MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member] | Other Intangible Assets [Member]





























Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC [Member]

































147)















373








957







587




674




674






















092




092




092





































195




779




779







178




178




178



1
666
667 shares of common stock
 at fair value of $3.00 per share at closing



000








000







661








661





































559




127




127
















































Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC [Member] | Revision of Prior Period
 Adjustment [Member]




































































































































































1
666
667 shares of common stock
 at fair value of $3.00 per share at closing
























































































































































Amount of accrued liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for trade payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.






















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.
















































































































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 3 - Acquisitions - Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed (Details) (Parentheticals) - Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC [Member] - $ / shares




Dec. 31
 2018
Nov. 30
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019


Common stock
 shares (in shares)

666
667


666
667


666
667



Common stock
 price per share (in dollars per share)














































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 3 - Acquisitions - Unaudited Pro Forma Information (Details) - MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member]
 $ in Thousands












913





432)










359
316







The pro forma
 weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted for a period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.




























Per basic share amount of pro forma income from continuing operations
 after tax
 as if the business combination had been completed at the beginning of a period.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jul. 31
 2019
Jul. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018













Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Total





















Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Consideration



300







Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
 Total



200







Discontinued Operation
 Tax Effect of Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation



700





















































































































































Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

263


444


044












Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

400











Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Contract with Customer
 Liability
 Total


















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage










For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




199


713












790


533












409


180







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




199


713












114


957












085


756







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




512





















878









Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions






Construction in Progress
 Gross







































Amount of acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property and equipment
 cost

725


073





358


996



Property and equipment
 net

367


077










Property and equipment
 cost













Property and equipment
 cost









































Property and equipment
 cost

377


667






































Property and equipment
 cost

060


317






































Property and equipment
 cost

880


019






































Property and equipment
 cost

402


864



































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 04
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Remaining Amortization Period (Year)













Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life (Year)






Customer Relationships [Member] | MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member]






Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life (Year)










Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Goodwill
 January 1

915


178



Goodwill
 December 31

915


915



MGI Grain Processing
 LLC [Member]






Goodwill
 January 1













Goodwill
 December 31












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 9 - Goodwill and Intangibles - Intangible Assets
 Excluding Goodwill (Details) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Intangible assets
 gross






Intangible assets
 accumulated amortization






Intangible assets
 net













Intangible assets
 useful life (Year)






Intangible assets
 gross






Intangible assets
 accumulated amortization






Intangible assets
 net













Intangible assets
 useful life (Year)






Intangible assets
 gross






Intangible assets
 accumulated amortization






Intangible assets
 net













Intangible assets
 useful life (Year)






Intangible assets
 gross






Intangible assets
 accumulated amortization






Intangible assets
 net













Intangible assets
 useful life (Year)






Intangible assets
 gross






Intangible assets
 accumulated amortization






Intangible assets
 net










Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019























































Amount of amortization for asset
 excluding financial asset and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020


Finance Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 after Accumulated Amortization
 Total






Finance Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 before Accumulated Amortization

















Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of right-of-use asset from finance lease.




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of right-of-use asset from finance lease.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Amortization of right-of use assets
 included in cost of goods sold



















































































































































































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.




























Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.




























Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020


Weighted average remaining lease terms (in years)
 operating leases (Year)




Weighted average remaining lease terms (in years)
 finance leases (Year)




Weighted average discount rate
 operating leases




Weighted average discount rate
 finance leases









Remaining leases terms (in years)
 operating leases (Year)




Remaining leases terms (in years)
 finance leases (Year)




Discount rates
 operating leases




Discount rates
 finance leases









Remaining leases terms (in years)
 operating leases (Year)




Remaining leases terms (in years)
 finance leases (Year)




Discount rates
 operating leases




Discount rates
 finance leases





































Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Remaining lease term of finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Remaining lease term of operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













2021
 operating leases




2021
 finance leases




2022
 operating leases




2022
 finance leases




2023
 operating leases




2023
 finance leases




2024
 operating leases




2024
 finance leases




2025
 operating leases




2025
 finance leases




Thereafter
 operating leases

029



Thereafter
 finance leases




Total lease payments
 operating leases

509



Total lease payments
 finance leases




Amounts representing interest
 operating leases




Amounts representing interest
 finance leases




Present value of lease obligations
 operating leases

674



Present value of lease obligations
 finance leases































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Oct. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2020
Jul. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Apr. 30
 2020


Long-term Debt
 Total











679







Long-term Debt
 Gross











704







Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Golden Ridge Rice Mills
 LLC [Member]


















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage





































Long-term Debt
 Gross





































Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity









000









Debt Instrument
 Term (Year)


















Debt Instrument
 Fee Amount


















Line of Credit Facility
 Funding Fee
 Percentage Above Prime Rate


















Line of Credit Facility
 Funding Fee
 Minimum Percentage


















Line of Credit Facility
 Average Outstanding Amount











713


























Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage


















Long-term Debt
 Total











792




800






















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage


















Long-term Debt
 Total











817







Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt
 Total

000


000















Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate


















Debt Instrument
 Facility Fee
 Percentage of Each Advance





































Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate





































Line of Credit Facility
 Average Outstanding Amount


















Debt
 Weighted Average Interest Rate





































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage





































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










































































































































Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











785


823












860


989












785


823





713












Fees paid
 as a percentage of average oustanding borrowings






Interest paid
 as a percentage of average outstanding borrowings

































































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Apr. 30
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Total long term debt
 net

679
















Total long term debt
 net

792


800














Total long term debt
 net

817







Equipment Notes
 November 2018 [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]








Total long term debt
 net








Equipment Notes
 December 2019 [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]








Total long term debt
 net












Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Jul. 31
 2020















































Interest rate
 variable










  2022
















Equipment Notes
 November 2018 [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]



















  2022


  2022





Equipment Notes
 December 2019 [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]



















  2024


  2024






































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











088





















704












Total long term debt
 net

679









Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings (Details Textual) - USD ($)








Dec. 31
 2019
Aug. 31
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Feb. 29
 2016
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Jun. 30
 2020
Mar. 30
 2020
Dec. 31
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)


000
000











000
000



000
000



000
000










Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares)


785
000







046
668




















Shares Issued
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share)
































000







000




















Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights (in shares)













000
















Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights (in dollars per share)





























Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock and Pre Funded Warrant
 Net









600
000




318
000



422
000
















800
000



























Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)













881
053
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period (in shares)
















812













Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in dollars per share)





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period (Year)





























Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Amount













000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value













000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)


532
280











645
916



532
280







252
714






Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 NonOption Equity Instruments
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in dollars per share)





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value



























































Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares)













850
489
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period (in shares)
















812













Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member]





























Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Plan Modification
 Incremental Cost







000






















Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member] | Common Stock [Member]





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period (in shares)
















955













Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in dollars per share)





























Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member] | Minimum [Member]



























































Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member] | Maximum [Member]

























































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)


528














528







965






Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Nonvested
 Total Fair Value


000

[4]
[5]









000



000

[4]
[5]





000






Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period (in shares)
















711











































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)


148
062











495
400



148
062







215
000






Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period (Year)





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non Option Equity Instruments Impact of Warrant Modification
 Prior To Modification (in shares)













062
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Impact Of Warrant Modification After Modification (in shares)













000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Nonoption
 Equity Instruments Impact Of Warrant Modification After Modification Vesting
 Percentage





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period (in shares)













403
















Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] | Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Tranche Two [Member]





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period (Year)





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)













119
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period (Year)



























































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award VestingP rice (in dollars per share)





























Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] | Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Tranche One [Member]





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non Option Equity Instruments Impact of Warrant Modification
 Prior To Modification (in shares)













706
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award VestingP rice (in dollars per share)





























Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] | Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Tranche Three [Member]





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)













237
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award VestingP rice (in dollars per share)



























































Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services (in shares)











000






















































124



























640














640











































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)













803
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period (in shares)













403














































Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights (in shares)





























Stock Issued During Period
 Cashless Exercise Of Warrants Shares (in shares)













629
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding
 Number
 Ending Balance (in shares)













484
675














































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized (in shares)


























300
000



Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)













418
947
















The 2014 Equity Incentive Plan [Member] | Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member]





























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period (Year)



























































Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights (in shares)









003
344




















Equity Offering
 Price Per Warrant Issued (in dollars per share)





























Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights (in dollars per share)





























Class of Warrant or Right
 Maximum Percentage of Common Stock Outstanding Held Upon Exercise Without Approval



























































Equity Offering
 Maximum Offering Amount













000
000








000
000








Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares)













850
489
















Shares Issued
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share)











































000














































Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)



























































Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)





























Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion (in shares)





























Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in dollars per share)













000




















 includes options for 31





 the holders may elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of December 31
 2020
 warrant holders may elect to exercise cashless warrants for 3
484
675 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.96 per share and 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.25 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants may no longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants










528 nonvested shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2019





 based on our closing stock prices
 which would have been received by the holders of the stock had all such holders sold their underlying shares on the date indicated
 the dates of grant or the dates of vesting





 we modified RSUs for a total of 227
062 shares of common stock. Prior to modification
 the shares subject to the RSUs vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days. Subject to a minimum service period
 as described in the next sentence
 the RSU shares vested as to (i) 22
706 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $5.00 per share
 (ii) 68
119 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $10.00 per share and (iii) 136





 after modification
 shares subject to the modified RSUs referred to above totaled 620
000 and vest as to 50% of the shares in December 2021 and as to the remainder of the shares in December 2022. We are recognizing the total of (i) the remaining unrecognized compensation on the awards as of the modification date and (ii) the increase in fair value of the RSUs as a result of the modification





























































































































































The cash inflow from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrant
 net of issuance costs.

























































Fair value of share-based awards outstanding for which the grantee has not yet gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.

























































Change in the number of shares of non-option equity instruments due to the impact of modification to warrants
 prior to modification.



















































































































Exercisable period of warrants from the date of grant
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




































































































































































































































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.













































































































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Share-based Compensation Expenses Related to Employees and Directors (Details) - The 2014 Equity Incentive Plan [Member] - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




041


300



Common Stock
 Vested at Issuance and Nonvested at Issuance [Member]













Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member]





















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Information Regarding Common Stock Issued (Details) - $ / shares



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




234


349



















306


401


























011


887


























917


061


















































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Summary of Nonvested Common Stock Activity (Details) - Restricted Stock [Member] - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018



Nonvested
 shares (in shares)


528



965






Nonvested
 weighred average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)











Nonvested
 fair value


000



000

[1]
[2]

000



Granted
 shares (in shares)





274






Granted
 weighred average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)











Granted
 fair value





000






Vested
 shares (in shares)





711)






Vested
 weighred average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)











Vested
 fair value





000






Nonvested
 shares (in shares)





528






Nonvested
 weighred average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)















528 nonvested shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2019





 based on our closing stock prices
 which would have been received by the holders of the stock had all such holders sold their underlying shares on the date indicated
 the dates of grant or the dates of vesting








Fair value of share-based awards outstanding for which the grantee has not yet gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Stock Option Activity (Details) - $ / shares



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Outstanding
 shares under options (in shares)


009


727





Outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)









Granted (1)
 shares under options (in shares)


004


883





Granted
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Granted
 weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)









Granted
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)









Cash exercised (2)
 shares under options (in shares)




812)





Cash exercised
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Cash exercised
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)









Forfeited
 shares under options (in shares)


987)


789)





Forfeited
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Forfeited
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)









Outstanding
 shares under options (in shares)


026


009


727



Outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)

















 includes options for 31








Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards exercised
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards forfeited and expired
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards granted
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.






















































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offering - Information Related to Outstanding and Exercisable (Details)









Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

026



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

991



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)









Exercise price range
 upper range limit (in dollars per share)




Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

000



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

500



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)









Exercise price range
 upper range limit (in dollars per share)




Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

119



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

782



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Exercise price range
 lower range limit (in dollars per share)









Exercise price range
 upper range limit (in dollars per share)




Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

750



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

687



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Exercise price range
 lower range limit (in dollars per share)









Exercise price range
 upper range limit (in dollars per share)




Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

634



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

509



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Exercise price range
 lower range limit (in dollars per share)









Exercise price range
 upper range limit (in dollars per share)




Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

104



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

094



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Exercise price range
 lower range limit (in dollars per share)









Exercise price range
 upper range limit (in dollars per share)




Shares underlying options
 outstanding (in shares) | shares

419



Weighted average exercise price
 outstanding (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Shares underlying options
 exercisable (in shares) | shares

419



Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (in dollars per share)




Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (Year)




Exercise price range
 lower range limit (in dollars per share)




























































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Assumptions Used in Valuing Stock Option Grants (Details)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Assumed volatility
 minimum






Assumed volatility
 maximum






Assumed volatility
 weighted average






Assumed risk free interest rate
 minimum






Assumed risk free interest rate
 maximum































































































The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.
















































































































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Restricted Stock Unit Activity (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Nonvested
 weighted average expense period (Year)























Nonvested
 shares (in shares)


148
062



215
000






Nonvested
 unrecognized stock compensation











Nonvested
 weighted average expense period (Year)











Granted
 shares (in shares)


261
803



062






Granted 
 unrecognized stock compensation











Granted
 weighted average expense period (Year)














062)









Before modification
 unrecognized stock compensation














000









After modification
 unrecognized stock compensation











After modification
 weighted average expense period (Year)











Vested
 shares (in shares)


403)












000)












000)



000)






Forfeited
 unrecognized stock compensation











Expensed
 unrecognized stock compensation











Nonvested
 shares (in shares)


495
400



148
062



215
000



Nonvested
 unrecognized stock compensation















 the holders may elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of December 31
 2020
 warrant holders may elect to exercise cashless warrants for 3
484
675 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.96 per share and 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.25 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants may no longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants





 the shares of common stock subject to the RSUs granted in 2019 vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days
 subject to a minimum service period in certain grants
 and expired on the fifth anniversary of each grant. The assumptions used in valuing the 2019 RSU grants
 which contained market conditions





 we modified RSUs for a total of 227
062 shares of common stock. Prior to modification
 the shares subject to the RSUs vested based upon a vesting price equal to the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock over sixty-five consecutive trading days. Subject to a minimum service period
 as described in the next sentence
 the RSU shares vested as to (i) 22
706 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $5.00 per share
 (ii) 68
119 shares on the date the vesting price equals or exceeds $10.00 per share and (iii) 136





 after modification
 shares subject to the modified RSUs referred to above totaled 620
000 and vest as to 50% of the shares in December 2021 and as to the remainder of the shares in December 2022. We are recognizing the total of (i) the remaining unrecognized compensation on the awards as of the modification date and (ii) the increase in fair value of the RSUs as a result of the modification











































































Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 expensed in period
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.

























































Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 granted in period
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were cancelled during the reporting period.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options granted in period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Change in the number of shares of non-option equity instruments due to the impact of modification to warrants
 prior to modification.






















































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Assumptions Used in Valuing RSU (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Assumed volatility
 minimum






Assumed volatility
 maximum






Assumed volatility
 weighted average






Assumed risk free interest rate
 minimum






Assumed risk free interest rate
 maximum



























Assumed volatility
 minimum






Assumed volatility
 maximum






Assumed risk free interest rate
 minimum






Assumed risk free interest rate
 maximum




















Assumed volatility
 weighted average

















The estimated amount of dividends to be paid to holders of the underlying shares (expected dividends) over the option's term. Dividends are taken into account because payment of dividends to shareholders reduces the fair value of the underlying shares
 and option holders generally do not receive dividends.




























The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Warrants Activity (Details) - $ / shares



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Outstanding
 balance (in shares)


532
280



252
714






Outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)











Nonvested
 weighted average expense period (Year)














948)



409)






Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 NonOption Equity Instruments
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in dollars per share)











Cash exercised
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)














740)









Cashless exercised
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)














676)



035
025)






Expired
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)











Outstanding
 balance (in shares)


645
916



532
280



252
714



Outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)















 the holders may elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of December 31
 2020
 warrant holders may elect to exercise cashless warrants for 3
484
675 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.96 per share and 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.25 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants may no longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants




































































































The weighted average remaining contractual terms of liability warrants in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Refers to weighted average price of Forfeited
 expired or cancelled for the liability warrants




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 12 - Equity
 Share-based Compensation
 Warrants and Securities Offerings - Exercisable and Outstanding (Details) - $ / shares
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019

Dec. 31
 2018




000













































































































































 the holders may elect to exercise the warrants under a cashless exercise feature. As of December 31
 2020
 warrant holders may elect to exercise cashless warrants for 3
484
675 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.96 per share and 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.25 per share. If we register for resale the shares subject to warrants
 the holders of some of the warrants may no longer have the right to elect a cashless exercise. If we fail to maintain a registration statement for the resale of shares under certain other warrants




































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























Unusual or Infrequent Item
 or Both
 Insurance Proceeds









Unusual or Infrequent Item
 or Both
 Net of Insurance Proceeds
 Total









Unusual or Infrequent Item
 or Both
 Loss
 Gross








Charges which will be deducted under insurance policy for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




























Insurance settlement accrued receivable related to involuntary conversion of assets for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




























Amount
 related to other costs for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




























Amount of insurance proceeds for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




























Amount
 before deduction of insurance proceeds
 of loss recognized in the income statement for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




























Amount
 after deduction of insurance proceeds
 of loss recognized in the income statement for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Decrease









Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Total




Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Subject To Expiration














Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Subject To Expiration





































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income that are not subject to expiration dates.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income that are subject to expiration dates.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




473


672






































































421


687







421)


687)


398)






























































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Vaulation allowances
 beginning of year

687


398





039


284































Valuation allowance
 end of year

421


687

































































Change in valuation allowance of state tax rate by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized
 that is attributable to adjustments to deferred balances.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




459)


928)



State tax benefit
 net of federal tax effect















734


341



































The portion of the difference
 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the year/accounting period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 that is attributable to adjustments to deferred balances.




























The portion of the difference
 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the year/accounting period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 that is attributable to adjustments to expiration of net operating losses.






















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.

























































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




730)


735)





019
802


359
316





980







131
782


359
316












131
782


359
316

































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























This element represents the weighted average total number of shares issued throughout the period including the first (beginning balance outstanding) and last (ending balance outstanding) day of the period before considering any reductions (for instance
 shares held in treasury) to arrive at the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Weighted average relates to the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares have been issued and outstanding to the total time in that period. Such concept is used in determining the weighted average number of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share (basic).




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.




























Number of shares of restricted stock determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that restricted shares have been outstanding to the total time in that period. Restricted shares are subject to sales
 contractual
 regulatory or other restrictions that prevent or inhibit the holder from freely disposing of them before the restriction ends.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Derivative
 Fair Value
 Net
 Total






Fair Value
 Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]






Operating Lease
 Fair Value In Excess Of Carrying Amount







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Litigation Settlement
 Expense








Amount of litigation expense
 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares)

785
000


046
668





Shares Issued
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share) | $ / shares








Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights (in shares)





000



Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights (in dollars per share) | $ / shares

















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares)





850
489












Related Party
 Right to Designate to Board of Directors
 Number of Nominees








Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares)



667





Shares Issued
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share) | $ / shares

















Equity Offering
 Price Per Warrant Issued (in dollars per share) | $ / shares

















Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights (in shares)



003
344





Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights (in dollars per share) | $ / shares








Class of Warrant or Right
 Issued During Period (in shares)


























Class of Warrant or Right
 Maximum Percentage of Common Stock Outstanding Held Upon Exercise Without Approval


























































































































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020


Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction

400





Due to Related Parties
 Total











 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

M/H$:[87N [Z$WF

!O-(G




MUES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!
M$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG/U9K
MQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@XMLO2
5 TR



*
M$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

M2O2QS'!.'LL

5O& RN0
MHGQ


MYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MDI &$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[&KXF

)%K/]8UA[Y

MYA

?-2K6J5D*Q$_

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:


V)O\2!#I9TXSH
M
YE3 4^64F7$P*U:!3I7E*0N*.
9CBGG5@DX_JU$.W5.
^TZE#?ZB62:_<7;<IW
M^X

B4
M77'C



ZA60\# \FM1)!4B:[+1'A/H@BC&RG






8W]AX=
MY^\RRV!QFQN9/'U\S515*._J
] J2TQ.)DU<KQ_ZP;-]:-_9;[P RG2Y1A$\6I[#:)86#[5
MR:_TUM*$1#E
@&?XIRV!4Y



;N;
M!)H1+_A*:1

_NSY/2\*;0EX?#L9G71SZH'#SR_6W[?.@S-+)OF]*/[)
[6]

J^.?]GW4R &
M W#H&$!. \BE ^AI &T=/3)KW7I@BBUN:W% M4:#-?VAC4T[&KS)*[V
3ZJ&
M7W

M9PIFUN-GJ]
L[XZS$

N




+=IBJ
1



5+5]_H-_


MMUTPA+#

!EGCPV$YP[R@[.
7XYZ\FLX$T


@6VF:*A8E9N[:4
ZBT8L=





M4$L#!!0    ( *V%65+D%?:E)P

M:&5E=#


M51=B 27.S(0LJ

^W9L+(=]46G.2AA+HJJB

!LX-_[U
MR ^

8
MKK=?O'^TXE'




0'0?Q&
MPA[0IH2UQ]7_I_P?=L8:YW$W\6[0)O'7]]#O?A#?(W[$ 6LB[&'?#:K9NVOE



M]K-+#$2;Q*QMH/OO;YR$A:.]K[ B3

MUGIS


M)
UYH5)1(




 CO L $8.@'^
M(852*(

MP%)

MN.

M3Z^YA/0N1

MS/&1FN#3\%7TK?!POWUT.XS%)AQ8#9BTV(B[;([FQ0J
] 8-NKCZ)G$\4
VX
M50SLEHP*F&M&J:5026]&;59#






FMJ!&WJ/T/E?SK6E93


J
+R&D?QT!+%E==U8/6FS*&\
7H;7(


M'G4!8

M

MBLT&5LY)4(W?NPXO79+SSL[]D_..VHY8%J6$G^G:6F6'A3CZ20T9J;.[G]








Y&3M%:V

G#&XGXL'+V



V&/Y7K.BD


M\3'=;*6^

M7U.E)V_O62%8EJZ)I&OP*-6'JC



MMAGD&X
=1Q@N%I$][Z#)._A_\K;EZG1U1JZ!



M@\7I[0Q0(W

$CO@R_



)1

M_4XWRPKP

M+[#OJ;^!@FPY.'23\*F@L*8_%3N')F.^@!X*^P^WJ0AZ;2@8]-?M\[44';FI


MR.B




MX)9

8S#H*7;H)Q
P@78*2I=&BHM'[;I:JN4 5FM

O:M;%]H?5+4=RC5S8U?]P4M$[D$



0
MB(

!3=6:
M-#[H#KZM8)R^N9.MDG55YEJ4Y$'#'\B15D0NR5VNUN07R+


;/HOA(
M./U V(1-$(?N3AY.YQ%W^#ZW,['0Q$T85IF
BRDPV!#=;ENFI7?856NA+J
M
K)


<;3H-?9WNLL6HZW
MY7^A:_2;6$OHM.!\4=6M$


M\KS%#/IV$'3^@




MS/R5YS.$BQ%#SB

M=I%-?=\P.Q918LR1'8N3W6^G:G4=82:LGF.8]80F!G89'!')$Q=MK)9M,
M0,YG:$$F2


$PC%



ZX?XBN?D$F'A)(LPB&-A-C^K


!QK
T!$/(FNJ +7 =P_/5.L=2!WTI/(E5GBQ$$2%P<1 ')C%7/4__CL
M9]1C@MQ+IV%UF3@9D9QX4M^8ZTU3:8MG5&RA\'R5D$ZQ4RAB+48N:Y)G)Q(

MA_%\TD\D#C?,)XX1_9)G.Q_=B=&;LX#G1A1;%.G#KZ3R?16XB'[6;3_Z*9



M*P
JHD41$(K4D%<?_OC.4[#C )NBA



&_1_UG:5==$!)587:*:/!8G;9FX\^+R8L'P3^5+AU1VM@3Q)C
M'GGS+;WL#9D0EB@](PCZ/.$2RY*!B
:/#K-W

F*Q^L]^DWPG7Q)A
.E*?]2

M4O@X?$



4QXHJ59WN4%@H%%66W8')@-ZW%9X9E<8Y@CG7V

JI#2-]D=^DOTP(

MICT

MX1!N

M P04     MA5E2I#=A






M$ZQKE#?%NZVC_=?'+V@]+_C5FOLP^:Y(DJ5SMW1QF;_;VB.&3&6R2!0T_MV9

M39+G!Z*7N2KP7W6?UNYMJ:P+T=5I
SBH;2/_]4/2PU_9
$\;YLRW'


M%6IA5XTM;*:;J(ZRS'5-M

M+(



MIG-PJ_761(H1?
\@EWA

-(AD) (7RK

M58XET\


M)]\M;HZ_%UV5R*[
J!'#


MG([


ML*) $^






M0JS6O\/$@[N+YDX22J'T10Y&GQN3F4V


M2/13URUCT57C\I[&)4 5()0GH2AT]Q&Z@ ]PY2@YE(YGZ$S)TYL[ZI4I/5:N
M66U7C( @@$GU Q;0UO-RU
'&$)PU=\P[!0*J[\IPW&369UU-9L_X1FXY^W#H

A=4T





MO!VQJLC)#/C)+JTK!=RU;]LI$DWHCF3LNNQ+-30E%\USKV-)9S::-0?@2H

FNMT\@]-7AAP+4EKH


M$I87AZ



M=!S+V]\#%T-6T G/#

M.2A)N4,RP -0(R=ST93)QZI.;$UN:@70)Y2+&1_B'TI$OJ+GGU1&LZ].J4

+VHR^0!*



(9$%JXW:;QU5A8//='



?3AM)IF'T'[:JQA-$
NRC
? '&9W
M_*(DC5$XCL7/^$##


MTP=2

MARUIION+Z%K^=0 R




EU8_Z15*YL.

M5KTVG%

;A*WA)M]'$XR6O;-22

MD0]$9S().U'$WI#MYH%YT(9NA-%(]E
AHQ4N30M

3)G
^
Q



DL"!%H8C2)H'62,
M9]K]'898,=M)[C:+3ZS2DDHK5/HS##-U;? ?J&0 85$71LMLJ5OV0AW1?*^

M)
H.\KU,12-Q:QMF\0RC@-IE%GSD


! A7@:RG:Y7#UGD%V;N6-2Q/



M.7#H_0&;?9K\:
UAN
4W!/C08([V:!B$6-P#6YOQD\W/N\-LN\QKH7*?=EQ7

(\/

MGJR3LAUS2W]

ME!^3M29Z0#MX9FA=^MQ*T%%VW?

M;S]AO@BS4.B

M:&5E='

2YX;6Q]5
ENVS 0_96!X*-KR;(3.X%M(



MK'9DRA;
[O)?I4<8KS 8P&O8A


MG+S_?:?SSXW?WS-8P''!.^


K:D9X$[;K?]%


$

M


M]-O/=M*


)IP)6!
C




KTV-<MQ





M/


70BYK?!

M$UA*7M$5)1L*[Y^T:1A/1S .)Z/Q)0+G;K+HY
D@B6S]PVC:Y-K7HY_MW]YE

MJK1NX +T_T@6_P!02P
5GLPR818.';6-J7]]QT[D+)2RR7QQ\SC=\8S'NR4WI@2T<)K):09



M!(W%


M[V=)/8ET[7AC:I;A
*!^
ZA?

%[ L$0HEJ
&X

M1Z9)B &!!;E&G:N+ '33J\W$JMKWQTI9ZC8_+.EY0^T
:+]05#O[B3N@?3#3

O



:4W_R/)V5
MM)Z)&LJ4%)(51&#2[7S=*THR5NCBGNA[X^]BC#A+&;MWEHM9K(QG FZ5J;
MJB+J=4FYW

M#F2--K+JC9%!Q43W)R]]' X



SDA#.



O




RV Z]K8'/1VKV@HN\4&#
1X])=RJ/5M,K)ST[7RB*D< %+I?(]%P*8S&$E+9-;OA%HQJ&E8]SF,#M
MSAO(^!W(*(8[)6UIX$;FF/\*$!*_EF1\)#F/SR(N,.M$G4@[L6]
WA)*SKQ


IEQ)N#1

F$
K5&



 P=RR'A
M'U]UZ0#8D:AS=Z2=@+7:6Y:4R0*K2I_]W0'+K =%X9<9?TVS706MP=NJ%[
M U%ZZ88DO.\'IAR[RWNP\CW QB


MM?-%=Z

$%     @ K8594G59
M.








L8M$1O&0?8^+QDB
Q&K */HN*5[G@$F:66Z3:LN8(?KK'





MB;.3U\2]55&O*75*CH
3ST+3
?_)4A2[

H
FR5Y?]

2/C41C3- DS







V*\7)?6/VD=9+.X1WEK
MG:XZ95A0J3J\Q4

MU9R4C\Y@54'/7;W73E*2T#F]E'-W
7# Y)5!WNG?!/WT._I)2N]T[5:67M6%




NLC8[FLYM+LHM6G=\+D*QYC9AA-3FD4


AT%[#2C
N[Z5!^Z+Y<8<.PQ%L
M23*\TTE*UY4V3OT;L!')XK&WCP%F:.,Z+4$KQNABCX)2X(::7*XR[8 2G1F
M07%KRIZ%DRBC4THX\TP/)\$U]S-@[AC:.!H9NS!?M?U\AQX57#F?_/D5FP






M+?N$LOYX
3GF8T<SG!&%KSNR6]:?Q,-C1R.=I7PJ_C@%GWU=W2NT7X1O)4N4
M0B!4TY$5IR!G'_?G,K2EP^(,Q80S@'FV)<ZQ+CM&$49\Q\CV<L<4Q=3PHU@
MKDLFVG[&'/:G;[BQC/JLD(1%OJ \RA1+';O.#?8NQY4T2_\+8
DS.=R3=[.[



MI(ME30



X=B&D):TWI#G; WDL#SG#0-5HB[$

^\G


!/XYO)\=EX.ODDSJ^^7D\NI^/;BZM+ 0R
;V[&E[=3
;[\)*:3\[N;

KMK\A/
NP+/Y?V+MK4UPC^%190K=I#67$

L-(S&P3

MJU=*RXX

MEFC!H='(QE9;J^@1WPACX$TL$T8;18(0D)V%;KLI@IE51B7A8K]BWIP4O;

#B!-Q4JS)8X0EK';UG_%F 2[F:T./^(;3X)J
Q_:W7CN2



 +-S





MS8L
RT=6
@
?0XA!)YT\!M&H(M(7&Y1I=$S9D+NB3]0;=?67ZBZ;

MFIAA*%Q'LKDQ/I0R

AVSZD'QOV&R(9
;0;)

MB=4@+[J6=#U$S]6[C33=WGT:^%%IS45X1HBC)KL!
K4SQI_'LQY#*/SB85
M;V3+(?WITPI]Y.OA2;M+@N28@'(JB#GN]@ ZB=YQ#]#;&HCAS?1NM
NO].;@





M8'B.-

/6#&:@'@GX/AT_/_2\U#C\69P/M
M3U3&@;4SO



YX;6Q]5%%OVC 0_BNG:(^,
MA(1V705(0%L-:86*M)VF:0\FN9HCIW:#K!_O[
3

M*X0W&3G?@YJ
9&UX(?!!@:[+DJD_
^1R/_8&WM&Q+K:YL0Y_
JK8%F
T3]6#
M(LOO6-*B1*$+*4!A-O:F@^O9T

M889-1DKN0=EH8K

)$4C$-LF$&Z=?\7_(9_V/$/


M
2
HB;GP0#43VAA&5FXJ-M+0C+EE3H\:*AM ^YFDOK6&3= ]DY._4$L#!!0
M   ( *V%65(F%$L&O 8  



XA;8G2G:V=D/B_V@V'2CJ6WE
M2G+3[*^_A[+SZ&-Z@=:1+9(B#\DCZ6QC[*-;
7MZ+HO*G7=6WJ]/AT.7KKA4





_O
M_.SIJC#IXS_OH?JQS28[E-#@17KH
^=L+6?DL9IR#LW;+;1:ZD+[;8^T(PBO
MK780
S&(-9?SJ+@:A(YTFR,8)PA:!71I,IM2 LNW
M5DSZ+4U&-([G


/Q]J[%#46&XVC6FV
M2 (4V1O$'8VC?A*-:=Z?SF?T.SMW2C]44:N&;@1NU!E3MY6# XUH[__E[P3M
M*/]_



MZ'4G GRTH)MRC1U [#OI^H\E4&+QRR94C1MBTN)R4 ,B)NZ20P;[Z2V3UQE
M1T&WB=Y%?^ED[JB]&B[KTTD2#Z+7$^-9/Z3P9#%8B)PT8PP(8Y$-$Y/Q8/K6
MW$XV&0WH6PW?FRH2+&JOI8,(V_631CY1+2I-ZU*2(2^?OO]54^CM%R]_(D=

'/'


*$#63=S;@9]9 WAW.8!)E;



MU

4


5
M;IEL10#SN4&JVQ=98']OO?@?4$L#!!0    ( *V%65($%Z11+@0  -4)   9



M4

V9IH7Y\^OY)+1DS*F$20T\JX#C(\!1# LE;6Y@+E-



A59


M.5%%SE=
)FN2RK-#HGM-O<!9%





M[D+M!&@_4W0AU!-GH'W)3?\!4$L#!!0    ( *V%65)QN
#B?@(  (8%   9

!#^*Z=H#WM@) 3*
MN@J02EFU2NM6M5OW



4VR( @U2@H




M/
NS$WS#SO

?1?[1$?Z]2BZ4E]J&
M8GKX^0U?.;:RJ=?A\IZFK2]*!A#_\A-P0*=VHCPDT/9&5/&DVNB,Q .00KG
M%!8@

7A8SMO/N$'-GHQE[1+K);KNFODS^-#_/]Z#-UD_

C\<^@0([P8;<.ZZ&+L/Y9ED!T:$6:N1TLKC?-&
M1)KZM@R]1U$GD-%E-9__7AJA;+%9I6_W?K-R0]3*XKV'
!@C_'Z+VHWK8E&\


 HF]_B

M0.%#.(

/RI*?^#.0:#UF0V'LE.QH@W2^=YY\IG&-QJJ&
M&-(-[;W;*;[M80:/G=*8--!A5V8P((P;B)'X
]/(2WOXZN 1H1
[/(XKIP1'



!CY;J








]V;'X02@UH)XXK?R@K
FZ5.QR-%YH0TDOX
M#&O#E&7!*^M$4 ES60G]BFB'



M2P


QZW=D*^J111PSYC7+6]5.O\P?=5G&)&5$WDR
W-
M1LB


](%]9

M$X5]P5YIHM.V=^]!@AM2

!W&!'*HF@!?1%EK-/HT2G,.TN!\_P1)6F? L+?^H1%
5K5J^
F!B
MX I?O4I'W?'5KZ1#V12,*<\IH3!4A-]+N O_(V*O^'X&Q?X+R69J(2\G\TR

8VY[I7X7R [W.=+8:VOK78-0=


M=TVS%MJTH%NFYL]#:0W
_4:8EW+86 ?5+]KY!U!+ P04     MA5E2TG#.
M?F4



MKP^F!\V%SWJQ]'3A\

!$4MY+KU\\\J:M;#T-*C1
M!U:53T



MJHPE/J/ :/^B'^_J&LO3G.37/UYEX7W)].2H&
M9*_N'A;.PI4G$V%=$**






[!O?A[B;*
MID9\



1K'


M'U+]CDM[VF8?Y^^

5&23L6'^]F!JB3UZD*8NEKU2C4#H2N

:D*I*E6P!25-

E AR6J


CL^_7:TT9ET$=@A<27K97Z!D;K: 0U%E17)00V7.3@BO8
M4N1HYYK!BJXD8;@BP0%1Q]N9W$WH01EUC7!U]$3.NXKA & STCJ(0XTJ1]^*
MVVD[%N^0DF%A$J^[J&0C#&QLO?XG3!__/TEHYK+E8:3MIULO0S4F69XNUH
M=Z10?FG2L7A[6\BV&-R0
%0#\UQ[\;!Z?#0]IG@

4-
MQLX=8#=.GX-QV#O--=BLK6$R+@9:H


M$-NA&3X0JL%


J$26@-)B1':4IDC2YHI!6@#)FHRB67$_HI$^D7S&WT'&&
M@7

MSYT




HEFD?E /X;C8=*Y



%M*



=

M5-&


M]G=@)^'73]WCX4=D'Z5=:'3L7&4X.AD_?7(0MH3-%V\J_BT46C#F3OZX5!+-






[./RC+*:%#.B\_]\((

%FH\3
ML]M%ZE&85^;
E.

/-_DU_SGM$ (9[
9_G
R-0-CAM0V#10@
















;SUF
+ATAL_E


MM-




MGN


3V=GI
O4KB0[BQWK?L&DDDX6\1.2
)IFL(?MB(*\R%
%DYB
M8C)D\_CI3)-V%K+%P@EI.&
</+4F/YU/$]Q:_C913]A[Q<

C9Q0A8NIC/82-%0665+;/BPYF$\GT(6SJ;9S_(1/;MNJ45*_ZB8

M%;V]J)T[1\475W]Q#D87O/U/U!+ P04     MA5E2.B^]$U0  #F!


2YX;6Q]5-]/VS 0_E=.%@^;Q
B/

MEBWV=ID]TZ*12N#=BVKKEY6:'4W9(E[/7@7I25\P=1MFAXB0_H?C1K0UHT




:1Q



8;T/U6T^
.B@\P?FW9/U!+ P04




M1=[QX([O*F




GA?Z

O

RYX;6RM5MUOVS@
UAN ?%


EG.ON]/+N6JMX!+O

4O$9IN)*@L5P$

M=^D

- )
%7$O+Y)9O!!IXMV9._CD/+?ES
M5F&^QUYUV


X&];D?]XFD248Z

M=*R5MORGYQ$N'NDM

M#=-;+@T(+
DT.IE2:^CN

M6/X'4$L#!!0    ( *V%65)G










?UM
MKU-I!?OT_HGYSOYLF(:+Z7XQG-3+KR)!SFNV5:86[G['5M_4HN72:'=KN6
M-_0@VVHCJU:8+*AXW?RSIS8.'Q&(6X'8V=TH



P5NF(&NA+AJH^!VH

MC8
^T1%/XQ&M69PCZH6
U
[@O)+*\._

M 'B=B2VEA @G9AD+*7



MLRZ-QI#&

M6FVS^%*S; 8PW:P6^_WE
JM..YXCJS885;9MOM8YUQT)AW.N/5M'9V[5O7
M
ZZ-D'$VGE2GY$I?0JQ/Z')%\5^#*$?$9GX*7QSDYR*@3T2?H%T]^SAO(49
M^]2A)-EYKISG(S\Y)LRI'Q[#L*'']N^-@KPO1SSC8TC]Z?&A-(ZZ-([^;QKA
M2UO8SP.X9F:KB/I@U@[J_F76?DA7^T?SSE9QFHQHG49V'T,ZG,!H8NF$FF(
MB:.'


 C$UM\G0QR)7CA1K#MPG@P&KN6GZ8_

U5P4BIP3:*A/Z8V4LT[

5=(_!Y7]02P
$%     @ K859
6U:_OV:5$


Z#49_QIH?A-
#=(@)Y4/RJTS


MP(P\V)&\&K9Y-7QQ7OVNU?(4[




S*(6[DKQ%]U
MD2





$%     @ K8594G89O%)6



M'YFLN-T?R

B




%O


M?H?
-^S+Z^+4:^V[
 84$&


!G2R6


M1

7:_5UR;RA26SKRUY/HOER9TI)RFH\11@





ME95Q5F#GUWW&




_3$@_*Z5P+JTM*R
MD8\2


M;[Y$?4[*JQ2LGYD95(4;^@.0K/VXT]S4Q=)^4+DLZKI8V

%*+5TBAW1.V7C8GX6*CC:Q;9?*@YHW_9[LV#P<*D_$'E&K$#F_O2'GY34S


M0J ^GHT

NI%O
;B
Z34K\'Q K:A1

T@(^4Y92/



@FR2PQ?4


M(W^HKAUCJ:U6-(7;FN(R%E\3!KIR*;LH5L1;A#S)(
I:1C(+:1$UQ0W#):,
M=_@0 ));;T&W[-A'WU/SK*MY]NG1TH[G!5+?XL&P#N:5MKPPF6)CBHZB)I/
BUXT;'[]OX*
MXDET0&9+L?R Q?J0QC1P0W+-)LU3
XF !O1!XMN1:NDW_7#4C [N!S6JI;L%




X.72GSGN2V'02^

M2P
3F6.^3Q2W*WF9*-YG!QDO,+L!-*X#4F41 ?XTFT-4L^7'JB!@2;! W2=
M+5W'TW4^H)O1X.2U0% %3)B67[
6SW;

ME3W]?*_



M\UY$=6AJ0Q- ]NKO ?=%Q]2C9[T]T9.BH'7D(+[6M)# 8%9K;OD?^&/Z;/KC

M[]C)INP!*?V2V
X\
\\\GG@\WBO]9 H 2PZ2S,)FMW'\+0I 4(:F[5#B1^
MR946U.)4;T.STT S#Q(\C*-H$ K*9# =^[6UGHY5:3F3L-;$E$)0_7(/7.TG
M03=X77A@V\*ZA7 ZWM$M;
!^W:TUSL+&2\8$2

80Z<.T=(XWOM

MLE+2%H8L90;96WR(&31IQ*]IW
!^$ZG?
<TK0+TCS2(G0*7-!@T
MS :MS*JX3?(=\@N63@=&D%F0I72GB

M)[52


M3;)!ONE%^@WD* I]S_Q+,-CGQFKJ6NI9'G *X(Y^Y^VQTVBVRCZ^5PX5'[

ZZP(=43%ZY,$W_ 5!+ P04     MA5E2A_L4
M?*\  O!P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T,YX;6R]55U/VS 4


\I

M9)Z-O
 R0H:IMA#$O.[Q AFS2(;'CQ;4ZW+:P-WQ(_JE$V_$K(G\&^TDQO
M1M[0@PQS4C.]$MM/V KJ6[Q4







MNAX]_@-02P


M-'NV%*-3GJHH3-A2()G&
16/YRSBV[
6;CT]N KOUDH_Z(Q.-_2.73/U=;
4





M)\CIMA%Q\-  G]CAG]/H!+FX%CZUPZ?


MU)SS8!M&41O-DB!
[M YC6CB

\JM'A!
MZ

MNJ$/;73#%8U

MC

M^PKQ6W2]!F



GW[GXH:
\


GC5[OZ--=[
.;VGL^2+P@=VKQW/K
ST6O.
L1 /M7#3.IQ4M2A^Z4
M%$7L%%54X=Z. -?@6CW9E(
)D08IJ1

M+DTM;4JJ5(?[^N]9NYXU%5PT$#R



M*G:_+^QN%-]D;ZM77
$XEUVN&0V8T +P_2V'F.0W^@5X\2O/Z#]02P
$%




M1O$F2Y:7]-T;L_,DH*#I 5]%M1UG&7)!=G&T9*98D@43*4R;B!KF5B/-R
MR00D4).FP#!/?9M_=A U0T7=)$FQS2%SY8POHL?



Q5/._ZX+L?5^4B'9\+9
MW:=0Y1\5;$=!U;_7!9LQ.%=/1):K[9(!*S4\1H;)PUZP^VCIM HXVMXR9P

M2!I=N894;XX\:TZ[H8RQBH:LU& DUNC(5JN_O@VISBA*M2AT(UOK) :
U!@D


MV]@
6:F3(&GL#-$8N0&F]WJF.V!CK*(A*U6^1+R#(]X^\WT?_@6D7


M^9[!G_2
W

378E2
:B< -U)?Y#4](:HV=M;+G#7

\+/_X+0)




M9+:'

M @  L@8  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-#

P$/T5


MP@.8'_5






M
0?U!^











1G=^WI
MFK -\:T01&%//


T

3MUA6 $*



_SKQH$+4^'CYO\=

M'8V
&R;@)OR'SBT])@;^NL-D@^KOCHT'
_TMFHYB.E*3C[(K4^!TH)M1T9M1JX
MI\Q(T\_LM?U3+DLUPST3D]9O.:D]3/Z7!U(ZRBBK&9U[3N*E$Q.\-1D8')D











!\R:FB:*+D!Y=!6S6V\F9YMRV?_?8'H^PMLSR3_I0&80A?

\Q[

M].K$^=F9&


MY7MK)HWM5+\M[?!%Y0#V?BYM?[6!:]=NG*=_ 5!+ P04     MA5E2O.A[



M8S-&3IBG9^4@XKX7D9X1
&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0X+GAM;*U7T6[:,!3]%2O2I$WJ2)Q0:M  KII



%

_)Q0YDU&

M26@.3%+.D(#5V)OBFSGN&X=\8/5AZTD9&RY/S1=+XF8R\P*X(
8F4HB/X\
MP1RRS##I=?RI2#V7TP /VSOVSU:\%K
D$N8\^TD3E8Z]*P\EL*;3WX]@M4



MQ#T4X0L4!F%P8D'SL^'XNF$YD=NJR/+U
M:_@J^]$
6)SJ
/3 MA_2OS!F IRC^HL+0%:UMX2F3]*@L*%W7%[=26=*_B,U/TVLIM
M3U-6S'=$KF3*(.5I@QZ0_V2B;((+3N*%[:.6W*E]\$V4UVX@S 3]/B*ZUJN
MZI@$[J_ Y!]02P
VTFSTK75Q$OB:]]S?

T0%KT7.Y
#)

\K


_1OQY')MPD_*&[DSAB

MAM-IMS3 W?&6_:OUKKTLB



=23#\2N-IHZS;8NAT%)QDGF%Q!






I
M\CK3Y#ORD?
I:







MRN;
7&A


2YX;6R-E%UOVR 4






BYX;6R-5-MN
MVS 



MI M(]@..91AU 2
OM&7F92V895FJU0:T\R8TM_U\=&DADMWB_=6TRFG.)O]
M4!;A$C[!4M/+T/8-FS@YKGA-=V5A=




MF ]A% \@B9+H *'Y?X?'GS^@

M G]AVIETR_2:2P

JP6N6





=?=$+Y)T7YV#TJW!YS0'-<
MTQQ;:3X6/$]DP6G)\S%YU6/118B@OD-P42&T\[RO2
A@A
AAOZ9F0I=X[[N

MO*E



)KU18\6_


G=
M@;Y!O=\]^Q]02P


MO5SK\LKW59)C051?E


M S.\)8V3
$IDR














M+-M_.=%BZ3KH3&C3C]TP

M(10H!M)*R4NX9S#S\?V^=O,=T+^4#& 1D\IXVKAQ%IO/[BNF-(J;H06^#F







ML4D_;/



?![
!V[C,&XV^)OB&X5









M!\R4
/X7UHWMZ3 K#:DJE9L2HNFR_;M'78$@Q.]@CB5A#_+1CM$0Q;P= G
MVI#YM.:
6)IHM0;MK*TWM_U\6J;#9?N7[PC;6^YU5'Z31'(()CN$);#0.'

/R^/H'9QA5\RA
&ULG9;;3N
P$(9?Q8JX






$%     @ K8594G

MDO

M1I CF

LQ
M
VPT4')-E-V-:';@I+IH)


M

*5/




$%     @
MK8594@QI


MRK8VKQA&&QU4Y+;K.*%=(%):\4*OK5B\H#N1DQ*O&.[HD#L_1;G]+TH/6Q

/]*]:O!2S

,'@!3NR6:&FBI.EHF1TIU*D^
MR:=$QHGX)Q480 =
MDA*51ZAKE&(^H(GF;V6V9_BMDUD^WWN -_?IH\:
D# _)IV4&/.AQ@#EOF

Y

][W'[;G2:/&K)(P/R
M:=E1CQH.7'+H=(;E3'$'9L(;H$_*O0'E\


E<-Q+3R=D4
*^N;K.@
W




5/?;?KS$?P%02P
$%     @ K8594CP00)WL!0




0IP$\K\$:5@%F% *01

M@


M(
OP./C.!VG5<W-:BK-2BJ=0\!%RR4QW=\1!(
MWQ NP#

M%+PB6ZSSM#*
XJ#U4L6]#\F8N]Z9[G:9[GZJNZ_5/94]$&5NL '##2-$33^?

195*HLFV
=_*M

MQQ/)N WIN4T6 YL0AX
UHSYXX#S$@1U5O;I3'*%SOH/YAB#9+U:
.K8_HT6D
MIZBSA!MA[G*PC




:4K
J

MN%K\B



MP?
9O+Z/OX]DXN//-7/
-F[ @4?64I71M&0=9_$7D/A&T%UT/+ZB0E _NMS*


M.S/:2?55KQ$-?








JLT'K+BP0AD=HX



_


MK99;;]HP%

MFG&-J


MO4\\)%&L](0=]'
:P1344SX1.+(K+_
DA4PF/,%@-KZ-Z

7/!-9R
MHT]T*C/.G_7@ZWQ@.3HB8! J[8)BLX(1
*8]81POI5.KVE
+-_OOWC^;Y#&9
M&94PXNQ7

M1HWI)YG^[E

8?.-9]&5 I$6$Q=C4#1A\A*7GJ9C

M



MN
)[U'1C?!N!T :XON!(K!SHR[1Z;07_ %!+ P04     MA5E2*J@=&'P#


M*ZQH5^I*E
0A;:$) H]W:ZN=ZB]O7TX[8-)AA UL5G;@:UT?_R-DQ@%PP5


*$?WRM2I[9I@+O]#?NOA7@4
V
*
MQB+]FD1Z


M/GD02*W(/8\@VB=P45$MR]_(NO.MC!

]Y

M*7O!'!

M2*:A2:




X5H#!$




MD?

DYO^




MDM.3-/XC6A2KMWO^'EK0)2GCXFMZ]XD*A1S&+TSCG/\?W8FQQAX*R[Q(UX(8
5P!<$_C:!-T 0()@ZBR91FTY8ZI09F/L;6L//Z4VM]FS]^!3:H.;

MP(_]PB.;TT




XMR^
QVC^N_-P6W;(R://)L\\DM_9&]@9U+L9E)L[:3PV4#S





MV*
K&B<F'U0:^T;YA9,5(RW-XSLWY6KBRU


M6(]V7[3'


P)I88$T_'F
IJ+Q+!%*-+((6G
M RGE0R^@PJ OZ2):1J%HM
^3
.-W83'$@(:R5VSW5XJ:@HLE)L+/Q$1;LX3^

WR(9



 A<; ]'0?OII,LS'&N-@<Z6A:0%1YCBA&-KCRE
M*015IUV,%:54S_T)II!+ 7O'2P%NBE2\BQD.C$=80N2/&4L@(6N]W@[CB.*


=16
[Y$5CN!R/KN=









MZ 


[LY1'88]'J+[#FH%U


!P^=;&I ;1GE-0Z8B;1VZ

MB#*9




MI9B$?:*5+__SZG4\JS=\
0V&!)P59M%U%4I

\.9LUK'K; #0F#\

B%?%G




M*J:S*HUUY2SNTBH4&G^NWIRT^&K=2?8% GU?0'T
X'B$JE7D!S!.RX?X)-3+

WEYDO[Q_Q[XUO73\S#







M%


9_HS ?Y($:(@[-3Y

!7L2FKP[/!P<2:?=%+GM\#H'





+7B0D.&2X(
M3GM46U7U_FIB9.':YX
TU(S=
*7G$BKK0/:EI!9:3^P&S0-L_!=02P
$%


^S0H^\A3'+2]_7R0)R
X4COT9)10Z%%K(@F8C[S.]



;4=@R3HWMP+]S/AW:8!01CZ1FV\K8;879+K@C[9U*1D
M(G/4B^8VXQ?DD2O%Z,)+U(RA62EA!&@R1^S&2A1S#6BW!:EM&R)'F#.58HO
M+$Z.$U,CDV=RJ_4*L7^[!L-%IC^BUP?B$VW7U4/?(L;FY]4#*Y*!NP
 PS^

:L3 :^NM]!@UF_4$8#6JS@TBC


6G:(]KC^P$E
M#VJJ@U:HFWR9R2V@P-X@91KL^D7P?F*NL/9UVJ



XJF_&M@%ZDOC^']02P
$%     @ K8594CNK1@@7



M(E%:T!U=+

M#F7&^:N^^1%?MASM$64T4EH%@9\UO:&
:4W@Q]]2::NRJ8&[UQ_:[TSP$
R
M2'K#V9\T5LEE*VBAF
[)BJDGOIG0
J!UA=Q)LU_MG7.BT4K:3B60D&#[(T

+F^)(J

M8*%(([VX6/7\0+
9%2_P[-?T%IU]^W[151O]KH;E;'=%+&Y)V*#L!YXKA*)
MQGE,XWT%72J8LO]8.O&K=5X2Z

 G]?!G
M]Z6&@EY5
#VCI7^R8



TH
#$CIYP=Z-S3(W
M!8VFG%-(241,U7_(C/ZBXKG8EVK*05$;$1AIEDL&T!FC5NJ[.Q-61L73-L2


M%0^?=]9_

.7)YWBA5@^=H$

M[9 PEXJGI3)&D
99\9=]+XFX1
$K%;P3!3IL4/!+!?]2A5ZIT+M4H5\J&.A.



M[WFF5I+
LP4LC@TX+W[^WP3[U6BS

\O5P]:



.L@T(+%D$OH


E5=3BP5GA7UHHS;KYX5HK:M72S?R?7+(2'#G;S
M$L0&.F-B8ZPT=%A/;NF@'U#/GD?TH
^C+R#H9U:6








U(=RJ&5K22[.U*S<
MBY_C64[<?Y;+ACP(7@'+G^L8_%T FZ7E+-W:J1S\#%/Y?075 7P!'RCG--

'7M2B$;*5N4HTO

VW^U@

0*&B451_'?VC;;A1V3^V]%\&MP!K



MO6)G22_E:DL9XX^,Z7)F#5=#&PXO&

MXOU4R98JZ4:5
R5%BMA
9@:7BWY-$Y#$TF;U;/N+T;Y7IINP! \,354!
P




M-8R.:M3=W




VJ/FG@F-K6R--Z&.WC3 BG8CANW5'AO3PFX+&5CM-=J.V@?$


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<S+GAM

RAXO
M(

MG?N?!AYAGJB$.4\?6:S64V?DD!@26J;J]_^#3603#BJ32_9%M?ZSDD*J7B



7



/E


$.6X@QU;(

?C$XGM*-?[RSSH3N
M.[=O[YJ+ZMMX5D+W#=3OZ*_)Z'VFPPKA]8\=K14:VU7S.[!NCL#L3+;$4DB

M%V9U_\05[A7

1-NZ2J)+4G%RGWYG2%FR

M92YDRC1\E8N^6DG.(L.4)GTZ& 3]E
59Y_K2//LLKR]%KI
XXY\E47F:
ODZ


M)C)N?]Z@?S#&@S%/3/%;D7R/([V\ZDPZ).)SEB?ZBUC_S@N#1H@7BD29OV1=
MT XZ)


_\/

Q

M\?2)R[\:!(U*0:-C
T%A68.


I;[/&64OYXO*=XG2:8
M^&ZEQZ72X_]]N36+*#+?&QZLM_M_O#0#/&*IB4?ILT0C[@9G)T:LZ:P7Y0



P['


M[;G2





M%5*/?)S##$
D7\0*IQM4$_!88EU6H*O\Z3^%B6ZG [(2J9&PXVGT3B9((K(%






'$$N-L?3F/YWH)
MQD(D8K)5]2,LWY'6RF5)ZN;/AR95V#T=L$SKBI2@9HH\L8$$!_% _TM2SH

MPY#S[F36PO4QJ[:H8GOB57J;7




MPU*1HZ=JS:CES ]?8&/





MD9J/2\Z@/2$!K

S$#*
#  #R



MRWSC\0PSV@CYHI8 FKQF::[&WE+KU97OJW@)&5

M$@O*4C\
@KZ?


M)^

*@QJ#H:#B]=)C3+4^E:_EZ#7S6B^B\M4C1]ZD]%SQ\GA59


M_'

MM8A?RSG6,K.LAA

)7_
$
M\D35FN
D
9W#E5JQ&

M$VMXU$+;?B6JW$[=R?WT!!RU





58WV_B.!#^5T;H'G8E%F)#
M E0M$J6TMP^[6VVUMSJM[L$$ [E-8M9V2OGO;^R$ 
$$6JUT+RVQ9[[YX1G[
;SA3(7X

/F5



MN;MZRS_(/Z[L'8


L
MZ/M=;^ NIE[I:Z_6UU-;/HS

CV]CAT9I)+$*LQR\KJY.?

MV'Z9V/XKBL#1JI(;NH@[&81XMDDD9AF+(8[FO*9M:VT:[GJE5BSD-PTDIXK+



G^F/


7O$CNY7D_TF


M%HRL5;P&\F2*LMN+:'



M EUETW^+$-U)1V0E$FOA(-

)I3








G9VG1F4Z
[49


MO46_
L5C


8
M1%JLI$9Y!!&EDBTR
&[7I9(*+_ Q^3@#Q=)


0^:W!$*=KV6MC?;5\I0
MHQTVF6


J@2( I%+PF

MN8\PRB)I\ G8D[H1'$V^VA/1J)*L48B9A

I!RYQ8#4Z6 'CDWJ^+YQ.R7



MVA=H__N=$TC9EJ)M?4ELYWY\[AO[W%\;^^!21(*G3&DW%*BY5D8NCC%3+AC
MLT3-7Q;&9H)X:N]#M[0HDL(I4V'4:'33$@=#/O%VK4=]DU.2FJ\MN#R+!/V

]@NW



5$
MVV+&T=Z 


MZ&2




M#/E4^4O06RX&Y:=M%JM[J%1V7Y?S,M+;,J'4FH'A?LRKN$M[(M+X9R0F99



!#'

FU
7/L8#M+]^TY)UTHK*TF)O$F

_)2:_-SWS=QBADS+96CI)FETAFSU-4KW^0:









MB5W)UJ)!L)5MM]




M?2XW4.*;I50%

E]YT7
W=J.E8;HW@)=PHHK=%
MP=33)0BYFWC4>YZXY:NUL1/^=+QA*[@#\WUSHW#DMUX6O(!2
MS&AH!97%#PX[O?=


D79CWQ
H\L8
FVPMS*W4=H-A1;?[D4NOHEN\8V

&.&


9


*X_VQ#Y
*8W2X=A_



&ULC9;=

#_%5]N#^U=VY / O2 .SZZ6Q_:]4K;/9M$$*^)S6Q3Z/[ZR4[(@ 2V

ME02:6*






@9+]YT6^9A

 A*@\ &6I#9L*94TV%?B@V11AN]F8'-C;7&:!@WNSC3

M:-V]CI&#7-I&JD@LUEP7M;2:K7KUR+:HH_DQ]OBY?YU4_P /%)14R1#!;H
MLG73P?S)HJD6@A8KVY?F0F.7L\
4_T- &@7\OA#8FTK!+%#]V0S_ %!+ P04


M
BYX;6R-EMMNVS 
AE]%



H=8A.'9(S#G'K$%NA#9F5=8L57LP$WR%AK'4T\V!S
M8[VU&L+,O_%9?V6:#^U^

M+M'%+2A
J+S4AJ_/M^CBPR7Z@ A#+R7?2
QR.?.5IC-G^%E+LFQ(HC


MDC/QVHPJG=&W)I$(*U1 #@)3)!56&\7%'R2P E?ZFNBIC6Z^SNWB4Y2
--GV
1!\=0HVC^(3<
M893$J1M\U(&/!L'O+)(!S4K
UF#NJ.S$G
OTJ$^2)N
37(=1-';3CCO:\2#M







M8+$F^M)3*'3(XK5217-J- L%*]MMWWC2O=N^UCJ\0J$,=#OZX[;KLP!W0#
MV^(O4$L#!!0    ( *V%65)KG&5$
 





C?7 Z&^#

MUG!_O//^T6DG+4]


M(#2[V#QXWT(G:N(=.7_=
_ZF3/



M.*X01%D\4;W(%+0M&7TXHK(JZ
^2[





P-$F*&3-ME:.DDZ72&;.TU*O0Y!K9PH
R$4:=SB#

PJZP?O& U^EUFV$\3!G*WQ$^Y3?

M Z-AC6

M
Q



K+@T(7!*J


M+GAM;'U4VV[;


MT48R1Z:I8ML89&4(DB).D^0FEHRK*
_V9/),]TZP14^&;ME
S\FJ'0VVDT

*V\[U-(RA:Z[3L@RD#R56W

F%


MP)N5D#'1
)1K1Z62DM *Q=SQ7'?HQ(0EG=G4SBWE;HRS5EEQ*I+(Z)?)Y3



MV $L*3QHS'UN:V!MF4KS.!N.Q@/7=:?.8SV$N^MZ;G\X'([+=5M@^B68?CL8
MZUF!Y@0M)0NH09


R6(?SEY_/&D&/RF=
MG!P GVB82C3AZ'<)-P@$X4A)\GQ,)+!;\8_;:F:+=D[R38T0#Y5;)W *S.8

]KCI




WFV#KM_X)]O(I]O';VN=XD5*J(I286

[BFJMFW59=O
ZTTB0)37:_
M4AZB'RF\*_?P'=



M_2N$T4
+=/5'O'8M$@-MTF$[= O:=#L
.R@V$PN5)4^BF^;?3Y)=U]N28!=;





MR=^ = ]@U %&OM!6F2]KQHAE8ZTVH%VT97
+WQN/MM5PZ4[Q@;3=Y19'V1=%


G[
XC:RZ


MORSMLXC:!=C]E;*CTADN0?_09K\!4$L#!!0    ( *V%65):TR?^4@(  #X

!3^*T(9(X51Q\Z2MJMMV J%P38*




6S=;M6
M


M?2GU=GBMFR;%#Q(GI*KU*ND(C*&[X^@HS^G^





P[PS=)_


EC'%BM/XU@LD/['X 4$L#!!0    (
M *V%65)+3S'/8P8  /

Y%(#_
MBI4GD)9-YCY%% DH92L5B-HNKY4[XZ06


M5/9:;NR


$
-T;('NQY!YDAD!FA)#G#L)]







NUTKO=S-I6SC,JG6
M; DI6!,&/BDFGY1/H_3!/;BPL6.]J5/B;DGI7!/+
*]3/WY%
P]&85['D6X
D-AG]A$;UB:F(5R@O%)GI#3

(L5)#D0GYF?A\17X@?P^AC8A8J2'(A#_-AS'2;
WQ

Q]& _&Q$NSQQ4DBP#/4S*
M!V3^^NX)6:ADF09Z \FO(P
HQ6&';



Q%8F%
M8IBUCXE9J*Q4 SSP
?$+%216.AYS
MIM^4?3



0O5)!:*[-P+
3$+U9.%


O








$
M%     @ K8594B';^;$Q @  S3$  !








MM+'!T@?^8;2$74G$)J3C$UIZ:4U3-*:SF%%=SJPY159!D5509!44605%
M5D&155!D%119!45609%54&25%%DE159)D5529)44625%5DF155)DE119)476
M@B)K09&UH


4     MA5E2-D+
96X&  !4&P  &









  )T(

3


M='





M



&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ K8594G;GBSE) @  UP0  !D              (!F(D  'AL




Y^90P  DG   9              

O


BYX;6Q0


S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *V%65)G
KRG

M


4     M






Y+GAM


4     MA5E2$!B4HBT(  #Q+0  &0


M971S+W-H965T-#







M:&5E=#0X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *V%65)UYFX4B@(  *$&   9





(NG'Z P  *1(  !D
M         (!+@(! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



M='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     MA5E29CJ\+ET#   +P  &0




4     MA5E2L%*R


4





U3 0!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-S


O

4     MA5E2*
S$#*
#  #R#@  &0











  +P)   9


4     MA5E20M&B1E




0(  
TQ   3
&UL4$L%!@    !? %\
*$!H  B@ 0    $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      

 Share-based Compensation

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001437749-21-004127-xbrl.zip

MA
2:D6RS?_WM'CV00 (! B0\J;42$)*FNZ=?
].//_[OR]B2G@AEIF-_/)$;
MS1.)V+ICF/;PX\GW^_KI_=GEY8G$7
TV-


\J33K3;FNRM%C'J5 BJSG@E]3'C2(
MF?X


M7:*/&KHSYNC+RFPD9NKIH



9:?5[87IBY
MSE.@1R3I#QSU ^
_W9&!Q*'X



M \UBY(_W^^9O?Z,R[W[Q62Z9OV+:/3-LY! ZXSDMH^^53W+_EC9;UT-NRY

ARFPHS_B[ $ *DOG1_Z @S1$'[]2IUG=P1 3S1[
MK;EI)?7%DK?.#PW6@= SX,*A0]=C!^Y:[BFJX3*W\^


M8SE#


)^W1

KG;EM4VJ*K_8[F_&^83+!ZG%OAJALDFEC;]


W=_G
MWIAXP]\?^!NNX0UW^(:_UR1^I28QL/R#WV?OP]?]/M9047_ CXA77;/
H?WA


MDS_ZD._)6-94


EH!!
ULAY!BT$1+4U6#,&9%'VA.1
MD  ,X?0FDNL4!9&L+(+4D+X 4)DTXB0%]P= #JD+OR#)'0J#3



S3!I2:!NEXD9&&YH8








ZV*R&8I


W*]PJ_H(LP\

84Y'IHY9





#YHZ+%)(CXN(#'=M?VKP:^H1@^7(6QA\0H\9+-4ON

M!A_U:7OUNRUJZ#2LR'Y85

M)42\A! 


M]G)+* ?OL\9

A!W[(@
(

6=02



M
@






)=9XTJV!:LT4:


M1Z?&$^J45

C5#65X7

KW&
M=JLX8&?^/]$8X8Q\

M[K^(.]L7GKW:?POW:!_ X;V9^#5)LN;Z)[__83HAT=X3-76 AEL9K#_.[NZ_



MS%;:445!L]7-]@ 5Y=AFZXM#!\2/C/:!FG\_OPV\*B=\.SME\??M7/=W
AU9
R:=<R6%A
MMI;+<[1L\BQ1S-%:R,5*2S?;4459_MWEH?(.'7_P)A-=2#F3LNG\4&!NQP_





':4!\ [SS9@

7D$-I)JBA


MF=(SZ$R^7AZ#[0







@




M@4O36?/H6V9&FF+I9GUJ@XI#
R[:LTWUMQZB&;<%;Y6L+CB<E.3G@
*VF]@9#G@;+

M;03#4:B=JM7?5U03OXH PQ'P:.=(V#1BJZ]2FBN5&&N7J\J:M'H O*R1]E




MM689EVQIP5[, I!V)T@E-#,%B($8J58C.W%XMZ\5 G6FIWRW%5AA5^O5Z[6
MVLT2VDUA(@67)BH*B:,YL7KT03D-F)3


C$

$2U3-1JU#*)D&OF*351\;HF
M&U1O.U)*5*?RUK2)S2 T !Y*N0)^3]^:_H]M.CU.BK:C(*_?WH!@XDN=

M(02\U (N-J@*=['4V*)XC&Q\)_VNAO5::AOCE[K'OOBM=]HKIK$JA6(=S%



;B'O0


$/*=[MTA[D?#L49I=9M





MH!U@9C/I


LF5%P^Q3-W=
O7! 98JEQDOATXJL$]@
MV;73/AH%=I4RFN^M.P4*J1!2L8U4M(Y7*G:^_EXI$.*&_7A/KW4?Y S++$PT
M\.H'#I6T
59X88G0(W=$I#'X5AXE8^Q8'E5KB(7ABIC)2._YL3USWR:YYY

(&

\DQ-_@)ZH3C^HCI$.AR&72/IT)




[0X:\=9+@.*.*\DTCN)\6PAX00S1;*P\G!1B77JQ5AOM8Y#J


M_8JVWVBNG
8JJ%@AX04Q1$O(]3'(=3?'-%9!KL56U3ZVJA+AA
*5$BO6[51/
M=P


&S_* HX5C9DH82V3!&V;%
@

MKUHCM%1AN02?EI]/5V8?5X%+Q9*K(



\ '-\MAS]UZ?_

MYHX

\%%6]DZF7C.;





M$K65;^0U]58VZR?U5NK@

'-HP]4'Y[
##L+-

9.];\\DW&/
M@9/EJV


MER_Y]\/UB241
'VV3]=L;D
4CM)N:%(TRZMKFZF#(;.4X9-FK]5K94^MTCV&







M([-Y375XM!!7

M. HVC?2G8%+!I.5E4N'^B9W -'*W&T$7P\JQ0RGK(^\/L*W+(Y=
W1V@.K+2
MKHB'65XN+U@0CRV7X UE,QZI$(XA'\:N%H5L*C/MB!^^I=UH

MZDLMUEP&E5

M$R)1$9$0%N)88PT*$82X:SSK8!%'-BAR45S!BA55

M9LP;3WBILBT*8K1%08R]%

M2!
-L
[0@J(O88)!?H[;TPGCSN5Z*=?MN3$P&AYB2$^.!88(RR_G9(T2N9J=
M73@DB^Y@D3[8#+M60WVSPAW;






MCKU@+OE??V(?;GLXP1YL&VJ'N:Y)P1O]9DGI=.%O _C

6H\H






MQF


:P4$F25I*^]A$Z
(

5L3? -$QMYX

#:[.!


M)I9)5D?=*]V





-\'


M@4



MXTT8O
+R
/(3[X%Q3!O(?S
AP4DT9\!_$
UR1]-KS?6H9OW#7B5__6;F?*MQ





DHFM=O_D
MS11.75P9H4L&TQNU6)A=#6*+D &BF**'$0&JM
(@*:RV8#X1O&5U\(VZQ(7O



MYMURS-RQ !:=7TCR47*-G&=3
7.AUVJV^DK.D;?0


MKAS&

M6 _:RRVAH9MGZEM1_=O7RZ]4

M\006QIBZ.-$
/&B-OK.)IH??@^&#IN:\6?P'J=MHOYEK=.Y?6FB&OFUW==ZI


M6G07^!4]WP\YL.[@!-L?3Y1H=CF5 R+A I/0[6=N@142[

M2





MIS!$V:X/-/9QXI
\W^YE=0$Y^52755B!) ZX#T&3_+
2[
@=@HB9X5!*JR^K

 .IK[;S0Z?[W:[JRB0B4F1--A%G

M_+]O*A05L? 3PW^#W-DH'#C\'B63K*18=H&G]ERZ5]4)MHP(F2'.W7[[ 
*3

)9L8:I134J19-E?)5INDO)
M5[%T5W U



Y$T-)5H7YGW
MB
U4<:@P]\4QN *XB
OZF-7H(?8.(M8.J&
M]#!:&-;D1;8 RJ(&;S;4M




MC48SFS31)= BZZ;U[1&R-7)!UX+U8(IG+8R*2NCH54$[97/ANQUIJ@/X-&73


M)68TYDV8
2++=$G=
I]XW)VKV4


7




M _T\(G90^P N/IONB!<S(\F<Y-M

*X^Q60]D5[+_)C23L
MH;$M3&$C&)TBIAK9.&A--EP_K6XJVSJCU=K$!-E%F!(D56HT9S&C9E X

6BN-U
M*8YE+9E?C=H0?L?NVS*_

M?LJD$6@AO]W &*




@U9Z-S64X
:P
MT-S/$ D.]HGE/*?'HL3ZQ;B+DSYKWA+8YY&O%\/BPBR0ZP2V](UB;SH9.(&
(9/P
MK$HCF)(=:O'YK,/%NM\E$B(MZPR(\1$B,F&CYW.#JZ$@ @!$0*RRH[D2IBH
ME)A4-GHQ3)YHM\N7/'7.IT._-^-0H]FL4BNH_^JX;Y0LK[!;VJCV8QO-KOA

-%A
A84T&+$L0H7'MBD01Z%&%/#\CZ*!:TF9I!1 ' 6G

MZ9%H4[&G59#+]2

_;VVZHXJ)$-(









0272+_??AD)L]/U^35PL









ME!%!9IH3)P[^)92_%4D. COD#T\TBO



467

Y0R'%

MLD(/9R5MKCB5*SMN!'-1*:&= $)14!R3G=1YM$9FQ7!GH 4F+K)O@6$?68





M]^*0=7O9#IFR.](NH+LGTMY%IP\;L.^&!


MN]=]E:0NA6W

3+=/D7?H
M@*]OU24WY6V[V1RNZ+LW'.I.W+H/Z[F?Y/7997[J**B=I*2+K9.X&[=^\/



M?&F[FCTT]\O^ EHFZY
I_B8_@ ?9Y^T_[MT#-+8_Z1\!EPO#
F] [#OC!
M=V1.V

MBR^YM3MK&Z%Y$$KN;#&UY
1X=[K\L+0\S+EPY^#GPKLBR3+V6G(47&GVPA)4









MI)5*V6EYCSS /Q.L*(.5\BPCWV-\+ /3A;FV^P!S:Q#*?_


M*

/T7$_8QWY=_(+$H;--^(F'&K2:-T6QB'2.PF](
MV


MR



C$<D+

:P#+O671VJ9=;]JX<FG9J,IQ^BS5*[H$N:2IS#4E4SXD!3L&PWE'8)
ML=Q@]J





M=S%SV6TL_)XK=
R+F'O4[TKV&
28\V-=_[ 7FQQ;4[_9B-]JA




M.=:3KV@MWSJ8O$&9;AI\KS9LB0
L;GA^+R%4R*')YGV&&!HF3OR=&4^_S9LT






F *20QGK 3MQ:[/@:-^)PUWI#?$H\@YRC3HK
;YSIG%$139


C0\%.?7'H%\^%YR\9\X+US]KGMDJBQ%-RI[O5Z\G-MIK$


MM=?LI4M\?.#-H
AN8FO]C0B8K3%S$# V^A9PYB)E
M]A%N#E+F@7/3XAMJ=ELH%41HKN/A_(!K@K

-<*.VZIV6''LMIO+Q U


W]$N
&;!@6\0[KUZP7Y(2WA:?66+[VE



-5MZ(/K(=BQG&!9#]$O*/3+3
#6*



MG$5E#KPYA*G;Q'

R*IF%AN1%&+.'W@;*

M/













:TM'[L&LE480H;/OWAGYR1=]
M+B8D9R$@1X3CB








FNP
M;PFK




Q!TQB8F5TC\VOQWX7KYRKHZBI$1Z]#2F!



MWVM86@5K-;E7BUK_ZO X

/R&J83A^Y\TR^/G6P//

M\@!1%84G@!!
(98]AUGV7+Q


8=^\@WFG!^B;IU:B


N71=@[!OSWFFH-I


_R#N0_
)A:$FF8/9



UPV

M:C /FH.Y9YVIT6R:&;.\0%5W+'IV7]ZUC1=S?*-Z$&TJ1QF/FF#2DA_ R.
M1QYJ05X:




 8UA7:/
M$BSJGGD*3_Q:[D7:BBBK-2$L#R%@P&X

)3@5ZN6HO[/15 O5B X2
M;E_FWI;L'$/4:+M_%-'-E8T@*J%N4(1NV!2(HU ):JW9ZPFE('IJQI6*I3

DUF1SL)FQ _XE?L)
&
MB4:Q1I X[J6'^ ;D./9H;]PDG1M@F^6- 

M!\KK)
;+[OI%1+!T5A]=]9U'!#^LSQ1RK/0F3]= E836C# B/.FPTY57
5
MIP?FV\-RDLSL8L$(M1OM.5MXNK


^_ZPQD]V#JZ(9
=OIBL'O8<.@T3
M+[YQ='_&7\YOO






?O##-#F'G. _E)4;R6
MHOE




M!)#/5H$

SD\:M4G/;B
M?W0L^Y=WX$2P=S]MM&)



MS

^


!'C$:8C'F?9$/W)]H8SI@9X!


5BBO'AF.@
T2%03O/#V@$U]

1 /9@1XJBL30C7ATY80HDXZJ\.%+/HD?( 9\WJ]\1
MQ]



5-T&H-6YY4R





'MJDWEM XNGF+DMP:]5J?7
MW4

MZY+ ^Y_667J


M21F7U.7_NN8E32#V0SMB3X/JQF3=3R'*$


M-_Y)NN[%ME
.#J+PTOYP4*CV?Q





MVOO+V_L/U8BR[I8WJQ:!Y7H9L(^^CZ';ABC%CR=CED27P7/*$3FA:GQMRH*)
(^D3P#B2E^=I3?9Z2ZO'ZY.G
M$!L?  5?)@)C)+R)Y26VI(@TU%B! 0K3Y:6E!T:T$OF;4).#\@\^=R\[X'!





6^_(;D*.8=F6!W*R?1 D6 DN1XG
M1M F+K7(P3^(@7R
V=F_FAU
1JG&6[8\B0G=W#;9
3\?B8YG4S@?X42_L6W


FA6
MKZW)]6_?

M*[=-@RMAT);K[55@J&A

_30IZ9 I@O^

V*P;&=1'C*M%O&EDPKL).M=LU$&Z6W&]\MSA



3/7BEI)T@+ZX+D4%+Z@8%Q!!\Q
MDPEPE'X80

8-H@:O.C)YW$_\D1[V)ZX'NAHL
M*SB$4:#ILYGGOHC!;;PU/[(1KU B4


M(/U^L$#70#(&-?V+7B=[HGSP5&GN#,Q*4!^&!]#R;*FLTS6'/# _3@,[CPF
M1AE-LD0ED



1C3MG&\
DV8


9FG.1GV(&86






JN
S_


M;H)&M1Q?#XT2B/5!?\!@\$:P#Y2YKNNQ403%!L _NQN!KA0!_0U ?W8+ /Z;




M9!BWS-L5^#2PJ^;Q[0I]5*Q&]CY(QBKI-)S]M=MPOZ.\-HOBO[K;S]#?#\
M!CO:H+^N+BN/\Y3:O:VT4-J=?E8GKKFOTO$2U8[O'B_J8L?V@JEP:+24)
?4
MN%@25*H8*C:BD'50H627!=_NT*@H70\HD=)51G(7 @Z'1LI&]+$94I1
LQ#&


MFWUN=8A*1=


NMMSS/KUEY07-
=F_IHZX%/8%#K8R6ZV8R4M[W?'^W0_



JISRSS+-=-Y8JN;/N$&
K8!W








R Q_Y$9@DE_61C]N.TT3D*6Y6 C-)P?^:+L3:05

M-9!L.;JNUR





*([U=Q
5H1(F_6

N^H3KW;0='9X#74G T[BUD$-;W6]%I5


M5DVE-956GDIKA5]3:?6IM;2FD@K3Z2OPBP]VD3JD7^KEWG1


T+-'O7#4?U'Q0
M\T%M&=6
4#
64:U1J@9H6:$X.?7ZR'4^:4EQ98?7 ?H)K
3

MK9P=*+HK 5R.#

MG2%\KJ


M(O1JB?F)4+O533$K&V$DB3 Y &T\=!W7YHUV5IAQ
?!ZA+:[WB4N7:&BE+


MDU+]QG7?N.N4BB+P\]P75+FVR1^3%)A6*
A$__W2;K8Z/VM?$UDN'C-0)IG:



MW



F#* =0+OSB


MC).S/#^]\QGS@+2FFHY':


SDN1HCE
 *+D[+Y$&&ATN\098
MJY-3E6FY[L^%3-&T.5G8LW^OJDUVJFMT:-Y8S6MT9@2UU;GBR_3SDMXB5_&
M.XG&NL;*(LONBSA'2\@7GU4H2+K?LO7?2WA'2M=D#M0MH\.T%^.(]! +1UO



 T59?!-4=6-QY[ 'XS+?Y*[ U0_@TVF.\+\=C8EOHWQD=4X2 L
;S/G,9CP51($L2-#]X?C/CN-
MA6HF.N*X@$D2,E+<(R9N8JB8SLIK'T*2ZP^M6 HE;;JG-]  00F5.SQ
+

BXX!


P'AT]R-_=;--U$
M

HNO5<





8CK(5O=^JQZC14U
N:!#^XBQ






M+BE=NUWY=I_8[[_4?MW-,D0QQ\^XPR0OCRM5OR6MR2]V5I]D.Z)F\Y(EYS








M0.\U)



Y4 73T)ACU@F;ZS+R
MUB6?E1%)^RCYK&S+DKH6NF:,0S)&53.CZWKH71;H+
D=:?*0
]]5
0ED9;V
MF1EL.@*7N]

_]/MG*;&.FAP!#;8*Z?QP0&

MZZ;' 6QQ1SAK#=(X
]U=58HS3

MEAOZF@GXA?/WW&E9BP


S[MM4[[N9L'^MF9_$JQ(A[MZZ#9;C/5SF&_JK%ZK1UN0D\3;;DP



M\0O79-K[J[N+#R5*E];PK-](BS)?TZ?@JC.S06+-AUW8NF1VCSV*BDS_5(N/
M\1:XPL

7[@&C\T
M:SIEI@58!M(;L3'VK

MO\A'.8W?F






MSM^;C/_T0?.8C\%SYY'N[A;#!M6QJ@^^\NY'Z1T#%M[BRF_YY(_6Y:B0]%5


M(M)G.3/N:J7VIH5&IS'HO(K&WQ4EDDH \4HHM=.M8H%XW2ZJ.IHN;EKO+^U:
MCVFO@&O9W1YK33IG[43F?JT5W[2LJ62OJ%HEUF2::?/Y&JBT=OQVI@[C;O=^

M


MF&VQ)Y9JVR2:S/'NB-BJ+'ELB2:6]IPZ/

MJ$DD;X?H


*$[2]=
V[BJ .?88=0R6-1I\FI;K+3


M5
6 F]PY0.&[!LHKGQDA$0H\2I=KC9Q

M)I850/$


NP9V*PO 5FNA@?#N&J:CSC2L&:I3@RN1Z?V
M;,&Y4YM9/394)&:X_D41[I! D'JF(90&621'% JF@?2P)]H8VR J&R6^;\_







M+TD).783$L030U!PG D+ IN9&1*4^_!8DNZ01A*$KUAP7=H_SRNMHM$!/H:F

M\)'4F(+T=\CK9+X0EC8('XU4FA%)O)ITGJ#Q[A,4K@.HT)Z PZ-JG'GQ
Q
M

W9X&5D)D;Q_




+T&A3D73!
M0YWG(HJ_'::51LY@P?%:4L)T*^)=J4QT^[TM@8_ )\2K[GXIV H7+Y@_AS8

M.V=*6Z#3ROJ0J777 VHM,NV<*97Y,,MD!6 JR9Q6L\Z<Y-:=SV@UD)47YTZ

MY%Z*'?#-
K^#QN2H
B0]UD@6[9?G11[SK4-\H=P^YB(S
]O?N@-XV[/HOH

U!Y=
MM^ZKNZ))9J7[LY3:C*C1:QU%=[1*4$LE@'CK)-L?GKT&@JV[[I:DV.[TYZCN
MO=9K;[L1=[MS/(
%CX]$*@'$JZ#3X:N8VG.T?EK55-@M8$:'3QXKH+[J7MBO
MNA=VJW
4HJ?5%A=R&K^**.EU^OEC]KE+$E?)Y*(*ZQJR%\ZH;8)0=FSP95


=C@4Z9

M%JU02WA=J0DJ-B.BT8@F)ILUN4^,X_Z +H^]5'%=NNB2%J7^SPR$ZQ/2MO



(

M\M
I
RWJ5Z?LS+WNSSDB?$7++?&M._WYN[QTW=YV4&J[=B=;M+=J_:WA+6(X
M*!7C
%NAN2&X]R$.0V';HU9=W8W5L;FPYJZ]%9P%4*HNZFZUMH.3#T/AG4AD

M*Q8%9*WN/

RU]%2F+-VV<NF6
MO?WE=*USSX$7VC(?94UZFUBQ]\/!!55%BH[8T@JH^#M[?PVSWU4F1N7CK*




M:+5KC5;3:




*DS:6MB

XYHZ@3



/C[N07D!2SQ
&

M88.
04V




N_1(S)'NX\8.?$^TS(PXT UM5*$&O 0'U]&S#9)%F$:)
M&M/#B82D[6B'DI;YTX*-T3TA9-$LHV1.4+( BT+

MSW6FQ)H/+G @6*N$6Y)TZGT]H[H9PW9H5A^2WP\6:'.+P89@.T]L80(AC0*$


M#C90
/[65F]@6;\WX0VG=\*DO\

&*#8:7M5ENYLUYF


M8XZL5DS4_O
S&P57#GC%(2H+DB6?01 XYC=7=[@X^?.;ZSRBZX???9C/N
2Y
M9P:&H_%OB^[%22\E@_I*OJ-Q\*G]%]]?B9C)N;'.PPR\-W ]?
TC& ;XYV48

 S

 ?ZFVMX@87SZZC716.[R#L]XL-DE-PJB(3N*($Z:R]R
M7PE '4K
*'V+76-_WQM5\L1&)QI8CQ1ROF=!8!.D


MK#*)M!?_HV/9O[R#%=B[GTI\7?7Q[!0

FQ










-XQK/


=
9UK7T.P:H#.B]3^5+](MGH')3N
MQQBGG?=


 G8+N 3L'N+;-2UDQM3W$

G0
8DXP


P4W



MY

M?\M)I#Q/+&
B1

MP5NS4C\67M)

2+7 \9K
GE)66

MH8H?SF:N1PT/$4\

2^

M.\LU] ;=YA)#[WY3(*EQU7@.LB%F1:34\Y2U%G_&L50*?@C3*18AH[&!;82P
M_1?U:


M-@84


MX.?:MIB/'?V.S8WE[V)YT1[?XP'[5O
?V;$ES7\L++I]EWZRD;#OF$--^7%J
M-ZS(_RV& 0R:^/?$R)A5

' R6




M7I
529U:

M88


99O2Q$T5//Y

FMO

_

M+.9OT![



IX

MT33?9$_




W%0*UKU
M'XBV\KF@*M!=NQ@&YS

GLL3B6@I8


A'

MT?PD@B6B&OT1ZVT21BC^L*)-;A,(^H #]0XM]WYR.F8T_SYPGH&



M_SS:(2@=H&4FE!!J#_B


A70 4PF.I9<V5<5UTO
WA+DL@!.[0(-:^\X\&H
1-K1O

MR#YX

5HQI.B%*-1+J(.CY4$I=
M&XE(%5E=?+:FSV8Z^56)D;V)@91H2S^!E4/.#%F[./21W)N 1BD^HO$-]LYH
M3D:D



K;?
MP7@.^7Q7Y.[T!D BY&\YB11N=G/1LR WT<%*#%UGW.6*#?_HE8WX_HS$BPY



MX([&#LM(IQ%.P=_&ST[X[N U*(SI; .77TF@]\]T#S?C8Q@ SKPT 9T:_-M)


M

M:






















YQ)

AF*.S+7

0LA@6J8!


M

M(W3@



: @D  SXG+:.D].05:E0A3.8YI<,[,E&?&S^WTJ2G-@9)IBD\/M7
MJ 

 4;78)2/RC;^@&F/^\%
MM;-8!S5,H7OEU GF('G$@,,UFA62$MCD=U9<Q8_!8DWO7/0& $^9M^3B#=T2
M$5/JHRATC*)2%Q$TMS7Z43&5?IL].S) $@D4 F6O .Z&N-=09=14H,;\;
M!34V@B1;S^474#O:C$0X+IJ/<KK,@H]0;,QS*/??LH:N%)HFESBE5(+L9-4
M1
]
2$*JE
J8
@KCA1LBV2^3W!HQ?DL5UQ3%4#U*X2;;5HCOZ$$&V%/M.VAN
M3)321



&*R

M;13*_J382PH.ASF/X
Q
M,!FIK0.*=4!QQP'%&^I%;E'E3)9IE.*7:M*BY \JZD=+<&+-DN_@K,;AW-'






0



M4%Z='_.65DX^PK9)&864!2#/@+1L[ *PBP(UQ*730Q4S!6\

^5



M.OHF3YV=XE]-H2D0ILB


M/QSQ



M+DQ:#ZSJ*^J*XI,Z8J+O8C,.#SKA'R3I\/%&U;'&R2+T3^ESG)Q,LDTJ/+
'XG$<O&W=DK




MGDB%CZYMHK2G*54C\7Q&\5YIS2?NM^)RYF2&/HK71]TS!5^.DJ7ED3'##SD7


MB
5CBG%.PDKO

Q@0[&)B7K751O#\18K$#E9AV2K?NH'_3
MN0&\))RQ$VGVRO4:T2#


[J2NH#AGE\
FV)#:2^VKJ)AI2 ,:7Z7EQ-6$4FA5W
MQR(Y5'95J$0L\FW3^3V)9#[2Y(ADI5T?K]AO-81^ :/Z([Y\<XK5;*=THB
M!//%$-T$12*OLD[B

_7Y

M_^-D[+'$W8B7\ R?




NPIFY/;6$R^2Y;(A*0N6&(;)



)5BSZ
LQ0RGU*=JCDE1
3ITK@Y.((/(Y

MD2-Z0YWH[T7#O64MHC0WQ[%Z@6


M7EP!)Q:[XKODC1[$YUS!R(IC9HII1K#.
XO:3)861$S'$'&*_=@R9!IQ KV-
ME*+B

M
YE-
89$M_@ #=VO*[
W]%
_H\[@YOSJD;6IN$R)
P&_ZW

 @T/'_O5OS^ @

MH\*%$VJ













IO)9*M!O+S(1C!1P(QZ(YG9V9'(0Y



M+9R F$G)!
9^0VH/?0
1R2HKNBPZH\2DT2/):8KTB(X_\W-/:Z[Q'FA8:3J]
M(DGM\Z7.PZ=+=
5*=-E^'L=U9V6JJ#LW+(UW9_Y8S'N/MF-XBQ5P62P^':G5
9Y2[^<ZBUOZI+=])%%&']G$<;L1=K'
:UA.) [KJ^U.S0
MY+P\MK<P?64ST]B^0LA8F;06=HNS #85Z;


M4@0S
^\\L.W1:
T;B*7T3=BSK[/*7W@.N;MF7PFZ:A9LP=M



M\B1RO:K'%R;D=8S?Z!V[!


M3#*H;DZ)Y;T]N]#.P



MGP=NYX$F:UD\4/M9+)@_
MLNVUVR2U*JR0!


BD_&B:U3-RAZZKY2_V8$I'P+\X4OHTQU

=, #A@JFQ0MF11XN3@I*_1FSDKW9/3

M\#LZSS=XK/T-&J#?+Y)]WZ(LCV\6 7#:QG72#^RPQ4$_



M





MI;
AIC'


_\Q+

*'MHWG_8P@T X\C^;\9G3%2K?9W H?O-^5

MH:3O%L8?9*=1PJ*B*



M'QT[


OXL@U62XH&!-V&7=_X=O_[KS?UU





U:5.RU)U0;PI]N-V7MJ3^54\\E+84GI

+
+8L





N&
MP8\B5EA:2^NN5OD6T$X*#$1Q*4

M
)QG4XSFY;8R&E@9PPE8!XE5
R-T


4%/LF(3EGB2\5O6_&GNYJ1]GJ/6O$^UIEM+^/$I6&B5=1GU
M[IJ1%]X-:^2X67V^3%NW H
:K
\7T?7%ZWP'9@B^*VA2_R6W%W9J)!B^93KP
M8+^H1TBI7D*P



EL6AG-?=R4_E-P?6










9?$F%@CSDI/[1


M&3\8O.'1JB7F?V@ONF#5H![C6L3+IA6D



M@YLJD!=J\SP
EID!#PS_1MOLL(:(
WWS)4^F?GJZK
CUJ2
G2D3(0T/24;VW
MMHOZ4L(Y,MR3P;7RY-W6HBS5$W]#TO2^U5KC@T6VN5'1ED:RMU[(*\DZ7A

ECM/

MMMK.@



E08I4(8\5JYCZN-[-%]
M%!9Y11FO+L8C2_8HD]J%BR67T*7D7#NX#:%@-KV
+H2]5D=6Q;/]:X\QHMN*
MDG!

;TC

M==DH:KAIC$)Q




MO#N8];+










KES0EZM W6TR!KW



F^\658J!R

M-^S

(6^:;GAPL4

):SYW3+E_'CTO=I3!




#M%5=[





1?PW
MUV5.SW9.9

Z



F.58M%_+Q@-@


!(8/K

8&PW@V@3]\9&P[]S&\%\^C






MZ0_W(A
^N71



M=VWDIN(UH!.+*E(-:/+B.I8E?7
=/PI


MV.@=R_



MMO:J+4653YB%G@(3)A;++O% JPP^\?  +&D[A:C*JB[6YP+V.E-5 $[B



FS
M]KB$YFS@



6/-/

MW40TN_9A]?2OJ!M-==\





MQ*Z;HLC+63W\$TSKJ5!:#U9-$2
%(E4U16I:*@3*(J8CB22+F&*'F*X?IC'%
*_I&76)S\)1EN-YDDY<]V7DN$_$-3 L



!AE1-UQWNM6)E<







WN'P@$+4&.!T--$AK#H+1:]14QC

^#QHWH.;.^O8

MJ6
#W;Q)R+Q7.ZY.]Z*A-/^Z2+^YH[1D9=@:R)6I%%$UF(A 0RV@JJDMK3ML
M:0J6J


MT916?X +6(2JV%#%!2PN8)=

M






*\62W0IZIJAQF2JEJ9H2
E6Z@TJ6OQ$&@L(2


GO'9]HD]

F'OQ
K0.PC]FN%_4M=#Z:!%5NX!.R74P?\

=\TS#?*TZEHV;(XW4T3


M^W4XAC6L1 -L$7 B @W-QJJJ5B-#K&*6%V#U=ZP!L=;$:N-PKZ (C5JF!U

MB%!$J
@(%;!!P(4 9I2H0(6BD$(D+1R-*X-0!@5&B UL -K6@JH&BA

+I@W?%_-&&9[#I.&ZC2+%T)7: T =<4* 0H!*=MA2:@5XA@$)P6DN
M


MY@:B*V!1P$($(AT]?NT3X&(RP&BPO[X.O(LQ(;
W=_J$&H%%;T8?3=OTZ1?S
MD1J?DXCI)0^8WK-[W 
PWEN._N/=/_\A2;^NWN3XQA/IF4E/Y1T&!Z\N:4C
MF*:_5%F5+V0%_H4O%?54\XDTWA[IE\

M/\+7VS/Y3-*I945L3MY[
Z+'[Z/'1TQWPZ95BOQJ:1[X)ROS=R@@N/29MD%M



+3OW2






M/2*F
MRUOG4MX2WK$]TZ!AQT')=XGMA<V6RM=1J([JH8[ 3^H+F!XISFXE.D^7N@Y<
M\3W)I3HU'WGP O7//C348F75'=:@V1LZ+7CB50@::J$2E(Z <7OT%DI11_H
MS/%




MJR*V^ET_9
RS.(X^^&C:_%R515G&ES5/?RY?


ME2?

7\)^H%N.)T2_=S'W5O+NF:AUR%OKMF19

*3M=1&S=9 704WEV
M
P(KIY'C2OZ$P@
MB[KHHNU%0RWTAPI^?@W*(8F)$!%HJ 5*T2%#A(J-T)KH


?Q

M*5[69_N1VK[CM%Y$I5:4I!KDQ
H&KX$(&&6F 4C^$@0L5&:VT*(:OG&L



M



V0N_;
_E
TJEE15.8O/=F
M1(_?1X^/)I0+&+OEJZ4YYI^L8.-0L''9-FTVN0Q&#%CPQ/!OA.F^+
=+H'PK
MG).M7?)HW]
_&!9U
+WVVS



M .E0!E7P)!NT%A7-7$=1?0'LM!!*Y^@[=







KB-/*X+3A=E]MJWU$





*J!40V
:J#V;Z+VQZ@&


JTE +BIMJ0J5*J(

=O=;#:2*6JMFL T2H7&1
CU++(
M\F%
$A @VU@*BJ:+B]@C 5':9*!WO](D2%AJB*%=RQ_5]F<.4WQS!'
MYN)A#XRL-$I!8
I!@]%0 +0T1I3T8*]'67LV(0 .J.M%4G4#@$($&!*AH


HVF*TQ:5')3 W8S4J

M$]T@=(-JIV!$H*$F2FY0J;.::(
;!D^U5P-HH@U&&UQZ* +S(U9#$=?/
VI[


M\D7R7OL$N)@

!KLKZ\#[V)

62X88?V+




N04=O=5\E'



A
JX-7*QCV)Z:]'XA/
M=_1@C;0? E_NTK.2(H]Q(W K=WPN3_L2L.ZA^%36_$)H_7'I)N;5^3=G
M5YS6QB:QK
B7')GJI

M=Q]1W:.ZKQ.H4=VCNE^
$= I
6UT\/U?KN!CE^A^0*S&\^*+.:+2^9^4N-[/
MN7F!)A!-8 6PC:$=#.U@: 
[


5 2A5I*$6&.VU-80H0E1H

MG!
Q*C9&^^T:[+MC'I*@
20MCB%I&$.J];!JH0N':JNG=C.RTV6NS4_GD;
M





!/W%<H-/X;L

@M^]^^<_).G7W
^;W]J[U'WST?1?[MD0DOM).C -WMS2



MO9:





J![


HR
MH:BJ&J6J!'*41*A%L[:N=+KM@9*979R?ZX$-$2@H1;PE-O#6B7-
@Y0&^O


2MD.)JBIHEYW&4]*
M8-C76L-!%4X09L.PG&4BD5]Q4)M=ZMP3K%JQ0W+?C N3RJW-$ M6U\M6XT5

M=A6V81M4UEJ@[0I.RE(IZP]4I]



-:Z<Z8S:'O%-
MQ[[S'?W'S8R]]YUWWPT_9=[=LM[P,E[[Y\]\]_2-*OF^[WC;Q

$1ZW3\YPVQR*D)
EEB TH/R(/RBY$=M

M
XD+&]$7-OTZ-'E%T2X&#+VMAS)0H$47Z%Y;P*.*&*@0T5G%A5;-%UJ@VJZ
MSA*$!A0?$7%?G/BH-14?#%,4'J:XCL,30(YI4-OP,!I1=@6$1BU3*M\*,??L
M5F !@^*-XHWB75OQ/K3&Q_XU.3+K?;[3!S+H*YW_7=@^B]?'9_^05R7V+YW
MX]XRR'C[E?;HB5;:8\T
'@J)JI;M*&V=O
/B6)'+7AWOT#U!P(5SXXIR(*@1
MU+6KN5%D2 8M2RB$*LJ@$#+(/5LOMQ36E O?P7UTI:9S(5YSU$ GHXY#'3?'
M=;P3U'0!CQ
RF\Z'ZV?JZJ:'C/CFFCI%=8_JODZ@1G6/ZG[ALELZ):;-FETV


W@S/8&Z+5 K-+65 1K


MA@\1:*@%1F4

MU2AX8E0%


H



M!+B8## :[*^O ^]B3

W= 2S^Y<JJ_*%K,_\*6B





 26+=A]&8?&@9UV$HZ





$[@Z<(G8
M1O(,6[%R0$5V9;NX1&<^__S#.LJ?0U:DB\-@*@S


@-\T

[!

#'HZDSI+!1C*DS!J


M1QJ=MLYGMYDL30%X;\\NM+05U_J]


MU)(BN'-]O AX*4;\HE.3&%3M%RDBI 5F:'X7LG@7&MT%2-&MP*21\!#,.S


M!JZI@]K@+6B^PR1ZMW???^



43C)BKI+HJI&+8=QTY


#C]

M6^DKO:YZ$H@+RN/31B.SE9*

MZ0



?GIF-)[#
MHLB%I4T?68*S[J]CLH


.Z

LWTN62DB

KNXIS?IW2UCL_O)1=H<7%RH.1G6ZMDOEW'HXP;-PM
M/K@ARG(LFU]9-IYH(;:T7_T^.$IIN2K$VVCK6RS73]35S<]FBO?8%
.P7##



'MAJPVZ@T$16P/EL&?WU.P=D;6P
ME;HY[5IN]X_&R%
E5Q^O9.)&)G=R







M96YXTTO;6
BE\^*0T3?'

MDFE;IDU_D49PSXL1F9H6?.B;4^I)-GV27&=*[.A;S_PO?2

M\2AW7+C#3_?\#E_A#K?L#C^U)/Y)2_( ;Z-?YO=CM_ME2MRQ:;]A+QE +HAE



.%3I!]R:S ^925Z@3]@S
M$P98YHBVI

MCQ@+1L1T^410QA0O!8QP$EKS67EP_(DT
0$7
!)BP=. +]-P MFC0 1(J)=_
M\J3_!

G

M(I8-\B]21(?$WZ0HD9C8)!:T1%EQD^/-$929W\OL)(O[+=K.)Q.T::02=89F
MKN^+$2..AO5B%.H\(CV8MC






UE;=T%Q

6G_Z-OR(-%HVV;[#(NIYFK&SN'7/6RTU)[


M/D5E12MPM@1RH;


0'GJWR/.K^OT3_62FC[9#UL













@_QJX#P[O0'<MQW_S/

?24;4.1;NQWKJ.H$OC0+7G[#6MU%G9%=Z='S*NG?'



M:TM_X7G.[

MB
/A\W\8@CA/T
;#GU4].+*ZA9XH6R!J82+AITQ/=Q


MA[_A.MHW#9Z+('M@%IL8FJ&:DOULP;U38RZ9V(N2^R\0(SY!XMZL0 BF$BU)

X-CU\'S
.
);)7Q9.@0+_.C



TC47#;)A&O_XALY-.PPRC*IKFWP2LB*&W&'(D44+D S\
X[V


M!5








MC
'SE%GK

+CY+W-UP\T



M(XR$X[G3PR(UJ0I\K6?#:_(B@411(]J;.

M-H1%88GZ


M(7N=4I]8O=:4RHD/
(V780S/?5




IKO48?W;GJA9]#JD/*+AP@GG#L-W_
M.8+3!8(GNK0&N11B.8W_^#;




D


XXK!Z(UV8OQ?)G
75NT3Z[9I\M.@A*:L.H_J/ (=Q 9


M7:%0]ZT&^Q



P^G$(.RO4X0J83VGN-0%$7NM91N

B#
MD\TEFTMO)C25)UDZ=#&BX&_?]8S)8H_AW[_=#W^=SC3;4?%(Q[?!J8W\.W[_
MC6T]

MK13V/?@MDY[Q7P6]T;)3LG.#/L# D14/?^J$3]OW7$^U




VN

MI0S)N1%6Q
MA%Z

M99J2Z\





 #(W[G5:GT]E/AST;E

MUF))


M+808

U
M)Z+@/@AMN7B2_35Y#\P3(W57N1P_J5V/G8[-
%*KRO*VRLL]ZE\C1/\:G+;M

M9.:H)S3UA



WE&@;/L&-'


MKEGU3*
!0K^&F1PA"B%E:O)EO6J,*XMSL1]N9

-CN@#)UR
;=I5)V1[]

MDP6RMG6VMA69% D
0G$I(_4H()D_[+6&HTITI*
XG53CA*K1;8]'U58+P:-E
MBM
I3B=K2]8VC-


B








%1'V/;QZ2Y
M8VC<&A1$V$]R6TXMVTISY@2T<?Z?IX8V!7HD50/K ,1$EAF-JS\'LCWF@(ZK
M*#*DB\WFIKU &\SO5ZWPN-&NRJI7_[%I-P-NI@.POE-2<6=@QKR@!==)A

M7=L2?VRK+2NG0DR85
\9WAQW-9
[F6W--!ACYIPC:[*I:K-\M0SYWCU%$T0)


M%&82!P'Y=.UD
C3^& C?J=8CG_:%6


L=-5_'+


M@I/%IQP/Y7@:D^



M49\ 6R7 [DU$+7 Z:(O89(M@2C!-PW34ZE
$4VD4@1 $4E -M0TUJ/*8
MA%._SW--E' J


.UV6\.10D@EI(J.5+G=J\21W=6$B!!$U *G

B0A!1
MYR.ZK&(*29AB%C#M#5N#$1E40JKP2%7:E 8EG(J/4S&/DJ?JI?JDE[I1



HM)M

CI^0*CQ2




CC=NH=R.C$-DW[&7&H.HP#6G5=?Q;RZB.;0 (*857C

M


M(O9
_:C;T)*OQ9$9?V_:0'&28H?]

M

F8:@
8U)J@3XM6$%

X[\/

M$
LE.7QA_!R&IHOA]7_6MBZ1YR//5P-D+[


RVY-VIU!LJ:J:C@5A Q<7)V?S4$-1VAT/:Y7P
MVE#CVI9ZA%/J? X;2ERO]7I4&^Z2H&UX4' 8%2+KFO-P6LSC:MS0'/VAQ0
MHQ,6NKCB+@_'-7K
QKN9)ME84@HA:F N*P@=P:=6IA

3$B1!$U *L(V5$
M


GDCX$((( JEX(6_3'Y9C'P%%5ADYL^VLZ$
M&;S&HD\U%HUV/*^5\8!R%@11H2&JR+6 )T5%%!75T\X(041-C-VH6AM!R1\W
M#Z+*H!;P)']
_EB







18/7N^0U)S&V
A-KBJ
MOEV.!$]@KHS&W[[K&9/%K^F

O


MN '7!;W'LKW4:Q(#J5H+M

M



M!=1!GX#%4O=L]WI;1U&$4M;:%OY1#'5
#%6!X&@'FRK48UZ#15A+
+Q9LQ$B
M16@4C D1C#F&^T.:.(P!H$!'
 _KJ![;%184F1V[XD?Q6/7C

@*!$O[JI\.\/=





CI
M4;B\!+?[+9BG7+SFE(4=HI6OZ@,=!(C3[T3+^&Q7CQ[,?#(75.+7OA7]
MF.&RR0P;R7







[494AL*15



D)9?-30U K
MM[L* ;9*@&VF=97;ZR7@!%.J6@P[;24OM(:RCU:Y70VO H0&DK?0)LE0#;



U



GBUW1F$W^T(IU@';4H/4L.^
[YT6K)ZB\F&:[K




MJR4I'07KB2Y(6%G$$LL@5@V$]LIZOW=5F\$!G?8W\7@JIZD6DOYGB&6H%#

M3NI@5-/
]




M$-D+GFR[;=G%KCO44
O=T_5VC5?'SU^J217*!1+1K4.+Y$&K/^P(NEV7T+JO



6 (;B4D8*4L3:05[#.NT9_K$+V=('LF)ZO'CS69(0



MWWQ\)1GZ;Z^TP;@_4)3N^)7D6T;X/M?N*?+PPG?UBSG@[.7!
8V+H G.J]\[

.$SG2K2-*[G7[2:X2G/1ZZR-78+
MDNB_XKW,=B6^ETN\,NZ,1TIG60'XU)&8)P_ LJZ]I1/_UXC

X?@5ZG
^SU


M ='W#EP4;
H'^:;\0AXE.3^*

P@IN/[1=NZ9\X0M
MJ]:%
KCH**%0^)_*^/OEL^KH7Q=SQH5PQUP/PCLOQ
H
MIX/&#[.Y:2\82SPO#!@+DYJBC'+Q\'M7'O?[NPHMB^?998Y!5XRTQWG0N (






Y&T\:BR
]!3

^]F5)F X
MN9DV+!^_G]D6Z[DJ#S!YR[-/6^-XDDJ&GS)2Q&D/A@FNC3/CI[&)!4N2X]V
MN



 ).6)UVAY;]C0#W8P+3$D

XW/


YRZ&$^R6&9Q!?AN'SI]X







GDIN?!1-2P.PH(BU5[GYZ3 _I^TXMW_

1
M)LQFMHY1WCSH










M$

X:*)P+






FO2 ^J]N/1L2'0

M8Q]@ZF_QY(










OO^


MP%K

M#HMMZ?KFS]M/WVZ^7M[]1[JZO?GSP]W]

P23#FJ9;C];?-K#

M?^JTTX6 \=A$;121$

B4H8D;N'(C\T
YP_PNBD0
M@6?2X7F6




+F-6?
M.!5AO]4E62 [SV11^J




M0

D:'8+!6T'-B&-.ZK
MN9VO3-LL7/29G1;;8UJ[


M6WK'--5W8Q)];/&+AUN!\+@EYH$S1 W8N#B6$TP4-

 Q





.CQ\/$
/S5U$&J_D]

S(Q82UX.GPOVJ9SLAR:M$7SJ:%!ZU($?WJ8ZVA8'P%[]


AQ-X?C



M3&U3QSK





N^!RD]1$'!_L<D<Y
IP32(Z%B3'ZQP?;KEZ.1SWA.*X5R#'

V@=(0%\T]^V#3^:(+Y FP
XRYK!:-R






MXKH 8YRDYFA_W

@? D\.KKG!
-(7'[9K !
1RC5K27T7(KY@(^7$FV(ZW\!V!]CY -/)JC9-

3_53)+D
M=@^?HN##7LOM4?9S/D3]*G3CR=!YDT])NCAD82(9 )2U
!$7]@48?V9+X'
4
M\W6 L$##*FB#%N=@9*C!PDEIZB\61_2G6R5$4XU6A+]]M5@Q=]ZLS5'.
A

8_AXA]NF=:+CZM]H

LX;@
CN*
-Q*6\H&X8/O'NPGP-\U;S[%#_N@B*90NIWD&K

ACK!



M? '5BGX

;P)&Z=%EU




[Q L1(@7_;^





M6J.Z4Q


M7#S3A9EAB![SG60Z[/:H9HAGPG@7S+9TR=^ZUJJS%3UDR^OB)\?OY&6WK=X(

M@98M='BRB[76*_#BTK%LR;2M1W@X3ZWPF2)FT;C N.0R1B(B#:E9MBS^ 9

MP:N6S]SPCCG\?N









:E

4U_





M-S!
T
F$SI7-YXQ!
,6?M-^&]G]6_;2?ZD9NZY;+:^-PFSV5@F?8(B/2#6.42*UO'JRB

MF.6S&^:5JZ6-B7LSI=I8%:6@MSHJVIB(EU24PMUJJFAC8EU240IT]U!1US8-



M.1/)3??SY&4K!+*FK+&?%I0B+ $T1#%Z\$_R3^KG+&[+!AR@/:&3O$5 Z'S_



MAL-7%DJ&2Y0

M&UX(!N?1$LZC?4_JO
+B#^;


M#GNGNDS'RE@8'[ZP$CS-42W Z:U5\8YRYP9Y0MR)HY)VESLA_L2(__IL$^+/

MU(
5E4+?HQ3U7C49@.F)63Z[85ZY6MJ8N#=3JHU540IZJZ.BC8EX244IW*VF
MBC8FUB45I4!W#Q5U;=/0L??6!RLX(:UNZP/!-KIL/FEQX$#@X*[Q:\OU'!^Y




MEJ)66]:EFSBG8TW&!.A
0#=BRS!MV2T

-6]\



MGU5M:EC

@ 5Q&N



M1/EJKA0(9)D@RV[4SZ^ZE[XWM1WCOTS_9NG
21R%A:$BC
.'%^9HALN^.(;&



MA]!\8#R_4_5,?!8E3N@)YPUP;#@)T+2OI/ZZ-VK,DW.SU+)?BNP)=V20@Y

M-6^=:VOBL']\8/3:8[



I1
.]44[4T=C]E

-LT9T!CL-TEJ50.(XN.@.
R^A8
MF_

8[G!(2AIN/M.NQ!0X)9)4@J 

C&Q@^S]#C\)0T]+G%4Q]5[*$!O*_N$\F<M'P<=Y.

M_[8=GA$.4IR@/_:



(PGXNRR/@[N'!S/VCEFT55YE-UG'F<EUW!% O

3Z%8^95_I&A3MK=^'X+;BU(-/O0$;

-E

O%?W\

M9SV!2UTYJ2MG18!+73E7

M^O[$+]P[/.P #7NUD;6;!-];/)E6:1+VV%8,FC:,#YUU0#J2UOMOK3H83Z




G7P[^#DT!\.SR\L#0WK$M8G#7?KM

MK:^4K2#8R




1.K

GJR

M?K4!):JE?IE)_7I



ME%7

GT9FK69MB[N2.\Q6$\6(.

M

CS\

E3\6)I\;.*$I4AJ!4

0[8% A/J2O9

@V!$ U&KH \ D7
MCTQ:

9


CG-A@.L-Y3*BS=6/[PGM/3?Z


3^
@Q[ZE:*T[^8[-FTZTC(6
M1TWI
EU!!$YYU4!GWPUW$FZ$!)LCJ#1;[:M15RJBYA
1:+LP%$8M7S#
2#+Y



+I*I

F
#-GY )
M#-@.%!/[#H?W88P)C4]\DPUF7ZY34UF/LF/QRG?_E(1-!Z0X+Z;]$.D?DS(
M,&%Q$XSI)IWKF2K*VM=EZOR8FW+K0U._P42/OQIW5 2S@?'F^]UPCW/ MM\
M-




[(#3(^K];JS SD$FG_
M83I





Z:  \*I&
MJ*N$5WR/O

MZM^^TL;4*I#3A=P\N/:I9?/]#IGX34 EH:4-4%FOQH=[4<J!X[
BR4PGV\2E!B&'_4TWL+)[V@/F3Y;

M+CSVI_:MZLV9T(6X_'C_&L1=*!XSP$OQV$-MY2Q;&PG.A8WK@D9!VGOZQ%SO


M^&9P=1^Q!2

2S@?SXU?B(_QD7$CS&(^.E'AB7K.=R=H&.0




MD%

M 5E=NO8.GT7W$D2\01XBWCD'9XA6^?
5#^F9PVH+*&AY8%&P6KGZ2IX?
M&OO (P7=


M_H+/J!-

[PY
H9@'
M1E 6?&?&[0=5UO:#CQ\='*[*1H6 %Q$Q!-9738CSHWO66A:SH;41&+5O!R








07X[L( L\W0J*;II\ISB
M]R?P/LD[U2K@ WN^B25)9HIW(#S=42R=8&2&#VY!.7_0F#3O@A4C63JFW
MZ$.D@/34E5/A5TC/?('71J1?6!9(EBY:HK:VZ6X%A
S%Q %OBS: [FE'G?*%
MU+]


E.ZS7


M;Q


#.&N



?Z
:?P5TZP=2]YOWY(7A#FX/N8827 6FUU0Z1-_KAB
MTE..E4JK5JFE):OOS9OIY*K\@KDJCRHR',;(!D3.$DZ(DC%_-G2NKU)Q0Z


6L76U+R9L5!4U8'8SX(R[M


C
MSCZPRB\#N@AN@\ID*QRZ6TE+9;**?-8EVG9DOLD#R#L
IZN5(EMYYD&ETR

MNEI2-A8\JMWA+I%(]#






%KN$!K4[T+@;






W3[9$5XD!]]
'^LSUWPDCH\Z$M)_0:O5X:6W4:07B5$S
\BT
M



M
^KE=\]LG9[MM]()UW&P9_;P9S




R&]ZP
8.Y2\U;



M9S'F4V:9

M_HJ10^-5Z73BK-1G99V1S^?8*8

Q5V^SQBTH5!4W



MVS82_WXS]S_HW
^







MT




MP

#=01

?M

O8(=
%
1HFN@DS:1
MLT*R-V[5U@@U^V
T2\TXAW=DB0)L[Y_





?)@FLNVF:Y&'A8%1SL07KBHDHKOH
MG;=OA45[ F7O!@;()&GBO&X:0P@^XIMO9)94S@MG='M:$]KXH!6'FY16=F
M5M3! 6[8/;DRIDR(G%5\\! ZE5I[)B=U=C^#I-X &9(59HJ%/NVD4#3
*

RYDG-I$'A+\CI*6()!&1+R_]?920Q!$@W!8U^ Q9
M[G@ON+\S


4G=)TFLS2L-PABH%(JY@'LGMV

M.O-W8\H)V


@U!&B@B5_2D


L72%LE_
MRNV33/Y=1.6$X6%:V;G7KVZ8YO




M33-78W4C=C(TUM%B
OG]7LQ8$3$H




*TMJK5K *J%Y28Y/SE;IRHC&QQ4;L/


M3

%0&)@WC
MP20AU5IGQ]BBNUK-&+BL5
B0K4H$G=ZPT2$EB&I.E_P)2&0''


MK2PU2/6!?I@FH7(
!U7B ;HIV 1?ZQ2OAD6\
C#EV%FK]U


@3!/A\W62TA:B87GBVFM&Q=DO*DK8NMVN\O).Y85V]2=[

M(Q0AGV J.:EW-ZCBCL(5--0Y::Z85IFJ.FLK^5
@1+O1JS(\
9U#FW H

M'41@&N#ZXWNM@:XY=\ TZ@T1-SYSP3S:^_$.S=&+#ULPC[TR?NWS6$2Q7U!M
Z<1S
 B^73E&-Z[Z7/@; JGT .:P.^23M

FX55&:

*P \^]WV8Q(UM(H+
M6LPX+R-:7- \T;^ZL(N;AD1&L[ <SGWZ<S*I,A9,ED$M#MD\PK3_K@6BK 4P
MA2?7(I+))54@1O*^J@Z-LC:S;',XI1EB:*VYE.XS1[5VKC4;-^6%=F(3%OF
MXB:1X;7[F$4&G0H? 5*M9M=PK*)L
@/9]@=QV7EPWQ1=91OXH'Z!B72W)N$]


D?3!1L1F7%S6^R3XOGI(H5PH]R8W'DJ*2T


C R
M
#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.R]:W/C.+(F_'TC]C_TV_M9TUU]KQ-G=D.^U7C79?FU







6


M7XRRB$__$O.;YV*!'3'R5Y&PLB




M3W:)3Z%351!URQ)M6NC= M&H6HK7]5J^*& 1!B+Z8/W5O-ZK6KV;^@VO*Z+-
MEU2H-

MO2CV'WX6EK]H14:-#X2,W7$%Y%0;,GJY4T]7?(4$[5=#A!01M_7]IX4%CW

E87/Q


$8UWY*F
M31.HKI$K^I;!C\IN%#
N'H1KVWEB

;+?C:<79+T%?V^;-]6SOQ?L)Z F-KKCUZCV_9K:U98


#P*3!-KC4H

MF$


I&MZ$['?
MHW2WK1W2KVOKE?3*NAL7^8*RY&^QP#84/5  *-T%8$AO&Z-@'QU.IQ)%_=
M;L181*Q_TY(P(=X35IY/F)9BOCWPJH!DUMDW..!T@77 48[:9H[X #1/'6



\0FEA.:K+DN$&$6+YIDNNYOL\Y\1)-

MKDLTV72MD5E99_H/3W?$UV'F]1^9[H@-

MS9TJJS0RJ!1B-)S;2M5&1(7X[?N*WRKNCAGGN;RDC?U)\LE
;)UBMMXP.F?1



0*
MA!(BUKJ'))71V%LAA2=N_8@SI

M*!]GTPT-O%8*06T'1+)UWRJ(]+M*8_A$I!Z]6L@SKDK2&]L.B&1/W-[N3/L$
A;G^BZ91DM\ET
M3J2^_3E)4WZ5QNJ0ZB#!<(^?[K\Q
3;$!JS4)+%TC&_NCI5DP5H[L8)?;I7

MSMUO:.V/_%.Z?$BR4BNK4?@:T


MTO'TWP7/I;RI0_/M1K! ^K](E.:+]764%RQ*_Y6I2=2W#+&L]C#$2X_23XP6

MNA'W3EZ(*S




8TRUA7
C]DUPECV1Z^;+3C3DG.3]9?X[^3=EI&G%=1GJ+$5#!
=V@ 2<_OZ[Z/-ILS


MPQ^$G#V8GC$XZ.56%ZY[=M$@R8LYMT964;9](I&FMNL5&TL//YK 64R0D_



M'&N(

MYJ1FP:W]S2%)2E[5_(J

M



M:K@Y8T3XOLX;:5Q%U-0K@Q&?UIJF9J8K1GQ*%8']^3!94496_HDFR:UD5J
M)RJ-*B_
UN9Q)

DM7A;:CS!09W% P:PT(S

\.1M%E
M(

MEVNAH(CP$9W-B/3!&%=)L?=$MV=*;=

M]9D\:!\KQV7%^$+]V5T

1
VA



-YW3#.=V^R2.K@L4+H2J^^-0/YV2M0M2J[Q%!\I_!/Q;*_+3AZ$=M





MHCI!:6KOH1:*
'/DD3--L9FW+;R1J:_64M=F *2&FC*.\(6:
L.H*=.8Y$$[


)3O@EV=A3-LMHNPD$!

Y;W?KC\6AFDIV
MP[V=)MQOZ*15F4F%3C;KHY3-9DIS_BU*:36)V2+?!R^045./#K;R(:PJK+B












&%F-\4K

M(Q]$RHI(M4(':3H8@OV[3$]W*]\XFY[NKWOPS.5V@_@ R_/)3%Z+HJ]WH6P7

BFV6)!
)PI4+;.TF4C!YR@CCBV2E+W4_NZ8-&7L0M$*7G^
MO9-UUP?!AM@EY9[AZ#U#$-N


M



MPJ6C8WJROJ!L2=B6#'6JE4&WD(80 N$@HD
@/(150UCUK3X8PJH80E;'%*0+

M


7^;K92%6#&Z.Y@X=C
M+!%?R//)XA\9K'B
4AG/*.E;-Q::
^GKXX1.Q@4MT[+N 1 1H(L'AQEA@KEY

MJH!HW!\5Q

M0Q= 0 _W
*[)TYX&P&@F/L95T7^3A;#M

MDEAF'Y6616F53O]=\+*XRQGA
4M6^9Y+XQ!7RV%\ *8KPO+U32K
)[$R2Z5N

E;.6A)6UF;9RF+U;$[.LN?(D9@:#N-Y0.Z6-4+


MC




M@57)ZACXA



M^13





M]JO;#



V&+#!@ T&;#!@@P'[

M99ZOL$(VL$9T-B-


V9Y&[PGR3;264VXLYM+TEH@-(XES
KW+Q9._

[Z^@;



MSY(

M/$I2H:T*FHOHY9U#%?.6P[O5TCL1&53V]Z6R*PXYCO-\0981^Y/DD\TYX!M&

W
K_W-(4E*


M33T;0)CN#A(#WG(+;S40IKO#P





#


M;1'N*5T^)%FYH7RB=/J4I.E9E6@B-M3JFH(+RNZCYYN:)(;7RM\V#] /I*

MF.!)F37$Q1N=7UV=JLD-+= UW)$U:^C.W\OB4Q21[E]*Y[4;QJ5$=PQZ%\


:HJ3V78:WB59
M3/8PG0E$XWC?/FYFB=7'867@+7DD64%ZYUR+Y[AG666/;@Q4!=S:-AY(?99.


M@\OG-'+?H$F;

?$Q)!I9RGK$Q9;0.]P.UAV)K9Z_$(*2]
MK$




P1
M%)W/9B06Q.TR8F265 





M52!ML+/O2


O 'I-Y'



WEW5)=O:WF SM5
MQ=N2%Y3Q]Z6

M77YKBQ%0P=R1V%@BJN4H[P2N_[520_ MD23*JT.7E.7)W]7=B^4]JA_
X4-&





MQM-'.7L/B.LTAA7REU$VO:*1YE9
51L+CQ=815_I=IHS4LY -1E-;6V04ZVP
M+P_@8M4=9YF8^^+U%$S^=L/(



M/.%W*T:BZ23[/6*)=%O)O5^5
VS:W3? ;2VX\5)6'@.!JN_B&XC0TPPPO&GM

4+[*J;G'CDYD&@JJ9AUPG$A=BPY%$:


MDS#DK78&4A\/HPTQ*4P(8!LJ-=R\


MVJ#E[H-KB$6B%


MMUG\;HVEGF I3O&X54H[8[-V MWMON@=T/U #@7Y$ ;DZN!P+Z#1D@TZQ=
M(


A#))@V$KU6PO(LRP..GH0@BM%X


/%UG<KUGZQLH@-H:3E

MH0M.JZ5H9_+Q





4;G


C 7I.G\J=6(-]T1@9N/[MGJP@J-Z+6 WD 73SP9)I$;+T7





A
M+NH*A&#IQM4^'-?-B75H)@TLP+EO=^LK:Z&:2G;#O9TFG*7K=U*JS+3)UL
MUD<IF\V4YIQRE-)J$K-%O@E8?(.*<Q[H;



DFXZ@=5%3ZY2W)DZJ$XV3V92/#
MU8NM7O7]HO:B;2A65+JB^47=4)A8%$




M^JYNV^[;/QZ'WBL$BAH+U'B6$]9=G+!HR1@XN-







$6Z0.+X;)!2RKJEG#^B!!H:VB#RHSQ% \7]%FX*\W1ZU



M(@H2D.W]!M!P :@+5Q.4!\^$IC=3 \@6%1A:'/W'! EMLAP![/$2Z3EIU&2
MB59DE$?/I'-4!3::VPB*4TA6A*B)6*UF@@-.9)Y*U)].(T86\\H*[
ZSTC



$

&



MA7I





M#':;

M##KDT* G4)/M&1





L+X(EF]O;[MU;$?=3



M%9;(XU;5LP/*9HJ-6_W 6J)R&P^IVVW%'E18) 2(#LL5NKT$UH$\P'+!;KO\

MBR.U&MSM\9

63
M\ZZU3CFP\$HGP\R+6^J#F%#VDYI-L\)6U9_;;TQJTA2N2!Y$D?IUH4ZK%
MT&Y=4JT)# ZIX)#:A%Y64IZNA3C)NY[+=4,2J?%& ?M8)^^:/FX?]1N4/'4?
M^1]IBR?1W


MN%9\](T'2;Q_R2_5

Y)

=\KF=C_6

M]!BEHFO3NMOO0P?.S

MVG'C0'#'X68:ALWJ*FR1B+U#Z59S_=AA
U0H?%$V3QRM S5/&SK['D5[RM9.



M6*WE*.\$KG^_XR=*IT_)+EOL 


@#.3YG_HH-
H@&=\JL
5$&S135;Y4U4+3I

&7[/
R!'J]TGS0#9!2VNQP=!
:!G
%RPZ./5#8@

M7XVB)65Y\G?)AY9EHJP]SVEY*
M4A[)0[ZLL5._9T.
]D3M_7I&
D_%
J
G_



M(-2(AWSKW%RQ)(N3592.EM4]#K+P/9V-TLV]0%5C6N1BF&R:9/.6SF';CW7J
M(^Z'^. J#J[BKK=7GT:


;K;KV64&]*E;&1



BTWMZ33
I

_Q]GTAI&+





Q(EN
ZEKXI[0

&71]O;@GW5
M&1.X76$W8VAONV( MJW&9B*9-7TP0'E1[+?5&?4&A/D *$#*LGOL7!X2F[
M^@!6E==I6NUK6[DG5SR\3O7;%%O85_T42



\P%97G#88[&

4)WU4
U4'1]?


@?_K&X9R0SW-/1%;K%:5_AJE4E O
M4OITF<TH6Y:OOL$!8-C;/;PO62&,D'3!%6





&[N::

0]-!;58X!*=5@K
#V]SS@2=?\84Q:N0H*;X



M+


MN'&CRD1]/QD#3EOSXU0::

M\:)Z]I&P-J1MA;2M83
YI&V%M*VC8'!(VPII6]Z9S%4@=ZJRT(72*+N.EJ36
M+G;QJ

M3O

M9+KHII:FD+P3(H2
G):WN?++;!R7-27EC9C9]/PY9Y%8-I
L8NMR 2NOGK^/



 5






BRF)Y%\
US1X/OE5[SSH.90'
M_8*(KWXZ+R?=I7BX-@CD1=*J*F&]G%O;(_3\FED6E\Z]KQ: 11&N%EG#^&

M_P+C6C[*_R0*SGL



CO+H^25G//E;?

I

M

M^H5


I6I!;1V86[4O

L05??_#UES'K4F[(C1396ZE@W(OVFGHQH []




M%(-(/FSK(8LCX@MAYLM_I ;T&*52]QGGIT)%7 O51Z:@JR(^1GT]0*/+95+E


Y



M!Q\@

M





M+-:+SJ8&$/[*T=J0&(3.H#;#IS\-A

%0




=7

][635(\G\QD?:GR:!!ACT)$^1U-IXHH77
'#[=&

@]J U(



M9]V+TJH\W.3?7) %[8@1U F944:J=O?1

M@K[YI59QQ77Q?6^Q
QLE'




T [6++O;

MVJV


9F^3_?Q&ER6Q=!M'_


@%6' %XDPA:?&A^ BTDO]I-Z0K3@C
&H(4\W


;2T(


T8ZT1A2



%J?
UV6R/_FK2%:;0C'[


MFFB5YT0@5&'!B!=$ %I/)!BT//(8/G7'91$?N%D5J17R4SEGC?H&:(B(2J

T%5FP5M= NBFH/0S1#Y3&IZ&VK_



MZ)SD%K#5;S!I=$R*/Q)A4BC_U&:
R=B.B6VZY ZYQ/Z-;5SB!!OM*!AAE-
M?#0^ HT?OA^E


M4&



()9*)JE0M@N1G^#VFZOX/9ZZS$P5Y*&Z_FV2(#=7HUZ6 #=6HU;&GH



56KHE!YK.T
T$'FAB








1< )_&NB))88H6TRJO)9Y0MJ]9,J VLO)1<#+(47_<QG^.$LX+
M

$*$05IO$!U4D

MF' VZ[?4@OXXN

59BR+Y$]LI0(@WT:C1C#%E$*MHY0




;X)8$[:






AU#IF
7+62S


^I!EA@TN
; 
O9$B&#
F]ZNMWA#T*N:U?!U\.


MOEP:

OE2M ZF7VM;+9]R;D1*-D][4V6

M

M4&Z]'Y.C(2L%RK#!FQV63Q% ^8;*R$!ZM&6H)VQW+?P?JFVD97#G:(&(PM'9


.8E
M.\J?-I1'+H]=V2/'*E/W-^)HA^)AS0V7IP-Q*

B\F6$W,:0V^C8JAAB/J-7E]F[2ENT[1H+8J& 8.!

M5.S+EYDPU^:)T&9JWU67(3  W;\(K1'2VUO3O!*_DRA!UZG0+M8SRLJ\/RBB

QDA;+#XJ
0

DC=J


M1T





#.)?
M\I:=5I
X:%=





 C#

M_BR3\JT\5I
_' &O:;S*#'Z@*Q4C!@?RPID@^#8^!9Z6241&=@%?.-/$)]

AC\ #-*D4(2''QXTN
MR(FS!4R.26D5+Q9[LKYKUG?]GU=^O

$%     @
MKH594N?CBZ'@H0  24D) !4   !R:6)T+3(P
C Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SLO6MO

XN






EG'
M4&1.%R3 U;IVQFKJ+QG$]B6)P]1M/D66.A;G%5E\PUCJI/OWM:Z^]_JK__[
M_;9


906/T?9%K/Y;.M\L/+!L?4JCE+
<-KJ; <XZ?KZWN?(ZXG.&U*T$OL
(B1O **DAAQ& _K82
M;:LD)1X!Q\)A6^(]0


<!&G



8#NI
MHH$0EL$(MG24&)(7 ^I[=(*6/=CST$42Y!_3/K(T]:MO+O*8K/%=] (1&&K?

!0



M_:0BF2;H5Z8S/D4OZ7J[#J4Z#L#/58/4: 96) NTYGA\G1KED!=\*I;!!7:E
M7_Y\LBG(!A?5CIFH^!_;=
-^U5 UDF-9U3H3

M1;*+



MQ2KB%YP^/-+=L^0VW




85

H!D^UY7C\?K/




Y
4.^9SNA1G.]

.@(/[

M-3Z(K%'$7PG$XJBA2[\SN_IAR*RS788D-G#0)64V__@&^'G@9:[37_B;=E
M1=:X*+6


*43@S G
MB#D_^*JKC..F#&V6KIC923@RZ$V:HQV.LCB^1O]U^]F];CRA^=?'I;33YLA

ML]9.Z0Y.H=




=

MM^RA/]UR/&%+MD\M:SQGN1MM\8%)YQ_UQ9VMF2J*I.@
X=[0=![MT
')TAT(



S%

^1\]R\^.N=B7Z
/M9T.JATJ

2M\XBJV3;:Y[J%LJPP+I%E(2&ME#A0P79%T^F.*]%IM
MC&_V$#&Y]V9?H/

M(\[N_/K;TE:LM3J$^CY8*IU0$X4I?RB 10C6T\!+$H%.'9S5R(J^S%T-


MU578
%I+-MM4C-Z27N2L\$IBGIPQ
JC[=(T!X)Y*5'XD68)S=)
F#QBM*)IY
MG$99OXP-VD1I@E:D0-4C1B7.LJD^;O
@A_-\E@$LYY[O


M8O0%L$+G#59HV6 U3QVKM:+3^E5_F5SOBHSD#V ;UP@:[(+1D9QP_2!$[UQ^

8BB[V



?KG/;2



GX?7<Y^G<I\77RC8/-? Y'DKT^*XQ?J?T93Y4E



C7W;0ZNS+(?SRCIP]U5

MV=6KWY4WU17VY;!1J;JP*
[.\%*?RFNSO'I%]-IJ'?N&UZQ+Z@7F5S^Q&T
F
M_%J
K_W+SO



[
$FL



9N=I'&'Z^AV*HRG-

M
[9Y6H4_B59#:W;FHASZK\TZ'


E\Y$SH_4&.)(H]/JNB%==7C/;+@(]A5
MN&J;[FD:(08 [(H##43\[.T?6-(^H(;N #56/)XC!U^ KX$K]*9I6[;[9I[[

MHC'E1;Z





;
ME1RMV94 -UHX8G
S)URA
M./.2S6CFK
.Q]!4LX:/;U/&N(FMEI ZFGDS#18HQ[:T011PSS?KL7:/7(
MD =?LT$?E8 _ZDT P0Q8_\=)0CHVN.SOJP%KRM%RSU'B?8@*$-7E50&&HG/!






S=DO;V2#NI[@+)


%HYWTB @0OO&]7$I2;0@G6

X=7%NM.ZO
M;
06N__5:S(=7L:8Q/#^]ZOK()#NC5ZK3 23IU9W/D4=U+FP-#NM:E9]1@

MD

DW'2L.



;T&(RD0?&!HD]?WG\@;'.'V?)-EGC2G
M^Z)
'HTW=0P2.0C.RYG46* .#5;'I$V!^+5+T/G_E
T15W/4
T=XA4A4P83N
M 3!*TC+.2+DM6/0Q:FA1[-.BJ!$.8)THLB$QH/OKLD[
DBH8Q'(DIE9HD7;
M5T,R44 GXV*FJM;@G'\6S/Z9(4X+-*D)%]3%\Z#7R
#/;R7
X;E*_1YQJ83

E


KIE$1
M$4XYP:^L: [G?DFKQ]-M69$U+MJ.[^/Y)2JO:NY)&1N]U$#E^X57=^A2FA


H/K

M.3_!J+%AIX0=/H@CA#J


MBD-Y&HQB
E



_9BA#5

:N)9?6KY#]L-YD

79Y/B^E'@94?MU1WT1:F*5+%)]CW.\2@
E3LC3G6@3

?(W:^7@#N=7&@A7T
M[BJSBX8493A7FO231Q[6=Y('!O5V;7;#P8;RD

MJ\)


\


M0&F!);JU]H_9K)I6U] W5GLM8N\W!9PC[PQ^=3VG/!UNWOO$S@/7B$C\6]

M^MIW O ZV\S:3#1V59W: 25?&!IIH.L:4SQ%,DU]7U&5=7*T/]-3Z&]7#K

MV5E:1B4L\3)/KJI'7)Q&@'^U^_ $Z92CP0.=(31WM@HHUQN[Q@6UR+#(&4
'


M6:9I$3F[&J*ZUBUD+WTB2;I*8_;*11X7[(4HZX]T2DI1M-TG:-]^F0**LT]1

$91MGEORLSH'$
MG
P!3*#[:3%T?RB&NDLSTX%FF^.;&#

_L

M^^9ZXN#11MZ@GB


O+C8BQ
R#H._!&$[
M=H2=8+Y9:C:Q1ZY

7D0*Y!:JD)X;T]!Q_9G<61:'F
MO1]UH\IL$%\I;!R:SOFU+IX5U U2.WEFI890)(&JJS#W_L*2<2IXOI)2?4Y
M6N

MYPF\7[_

H


M1=VEDF/M:?J':K\K900M
\:
]*]^8U-^]Q




M0J-]H%K!-C.L-8Z'.$0DA;.K -?@LA
IJOAEXJ[$&0STOT%_T.Q5.4P984




9J?EVO0(=S 54_F!C(



M]?&;%Q9J+1.Q0WO/9?7?=H8W!8Y3OO?P)L--*F'OO( Z\1M<
M5#NXU%71WR!;?[

M'49*?!@L\XI^A%


LJU-O9RUB/1/3,J9*2#A
M:8L* 7T[\WE9%=L8[,H+LP?Z$J



0U9'M;Q1INQ%PU7U7A*NP%&)SS#_
-(#ZDCAZV&F6??-!PV)
MTB"-AP3=J@:<5P0YCTW@E5Y,^%88I?\<RNR3)_@=^VO(0^0Y/NEZ#Y3\M*7
M**DI:@\7.64,7(H< ;? G!5SUD'*^3V$J$QCMH62--MGNH)JY/V^DHG&RVY


&NU@AQ
M-TXH/N=U
4YG;:;EY]RNQ%VF.;Y:G18X2:M1D2E^4#=#Z6A Y]E)%)H9@XS
MK0
X3W.\4K87&[B:2
?\FA4C_&E(?#Z?0
LS$3CNE==
MO+R*7IIX4)@9F/0Q4)V#4[=;S.9'?O


&E.P VPYN_X:CX)LS)

M[CS/:_?Y2^5\=H8H2J0PL4)88!NZ'CFJ
PF+_#F3Y4\Y[0'NL@].JEQD%Q





MWWEUGI9QE$'/95: V=!,H]J'*2+AG3N'XB -& !G$-3KSS4-2=4JQ IY

8Q
M0%ZWH_DFM#L5&]MPSS:B3DK%RZ6T6



M]DF-0^T-D 9?SI!A OC::T1L$=YIM..
Q
QNX#XT3[8XI]\=)B]*/:L1[Q.
MZ9KY&L!-Q(.#1@RV]X#'-&6)$KE2L
1#2Y^T(I$\Z'3S]
7Q.2G.TQS29!CV3:.=G8#;
MC



_!7H=3#BIO1_-O!.8!AO3@D ^:)[!&
3%'!@ZJY74=9]GY;4H^Y



M*6TNV!O-$Q\PF*@!&H@3ALE()&D3
HPQTG53_*5T(6/?IL'\=.0G39'JD





17-'/VCS@)UI;KWV0
*V09&2*#DX7^9+Z-!F'/1#)&'E8ZD/
M1G)?#(B0\V:^P]?C!&/2%#$LPNU+2MJEA1'UO=H:%[R+5U':GQTY[Y4#1[M


^/]HRBU4R@.O@F_;O



M%/2[QXX3D4:%]-3CFGM)-*SK_=


M@WTA_%TCLKDWCFM^KX$A#LU[?'*89F22$


'.%WI



M?&O+RDB)=? K%Z5:%EOM5.RW0?$P5)W]98JWAL3Y3JZ21C@,-'2Z1;*-CHG
M%^E]Q?CS[;N:.^&;_^YN(5^M;GRC6'77.2W.


ME=H'U/T2@B3U$T;F!DC'[1_Q+T*!T?HD^?LJ'/0X\^T3Y]

?X#UZ%FD49




NUW
M4EV0_4U2WX;H6JE'##:*GJ(T8QE5%4'W&*7
B:Z#!!5] W/JD!KE .:#VE8C

MFR>B2+E.YNO92WTK)OSEC]!#Y2]\Z (T-_K(X]6I$#/CVG\R$R





=.;&.E)9I%
M7)EGP5@(*TL

M#(*%]MF.5VP];5?S+


M#/FW=&RZ=&]I&E,HZ&LUUW,3&-#M6@@P /M(;) LYJ=?B@]J6%S0+23CB#



C:#!P9VGFT7Q;]$#


.%98WS


 D8AXYK/P



M?PG$F



=DKX&.WFT6+'I@%YM9#_%C!O

M;BMJI[







MJ9-VK.+KNE:L)!CG-FR-!P3H6DP6J




MJQG8;LQJ==9]PL4]415\U_0WX

M


ZA5=?ELF;M];.YS6ZZCDT08S&
MM]V![S49(%H(6^WE]W69'Z^
-(Z;'Y+BZ[([S
2

M



M&1QRB@@N/.


MSXXRL'1?UVVI( G&6VL%27RT6BPX
MFZM^JP6V^38U;-4435=M%E19CYC2V-!NNRY(C'%2GM-I7-3ANX$XUGD_CO7Y
M2.;;&$K'DM







IT0J5Z3HE/P9P2CS$ G7QFK]3(@@7


MPL[3&_Y
;:*[9YP]X4\DKQY%UU1

M0F;5\(S'%V;VBLQ64FB0?%!? 2((;+\6168E_W
.D1ZEY#:AIZPYBH^T3QWO

MOWACB+])^E(#&Y)ZCX/V5D#P[M#9%OQRT.D'UW:)3)B3S5_*K4IH
Q68V8





MQKEIRF.5J.QF6
 
[]L9!BE4/LU 1)6

MO





M'*

M@1X33L8VL5=

BYWBC

M2KS:9I?I2OW*S_&KUJ-$'0C7$K87]HCJL


LS=7:X'&&B54XX1F-V&3VU7-Y.)Z<E&+ %1



NKGDAPD<=DC:$)706
M/2707GM+

MVA:=[IHTQU=0+Z.LHCR!O7Q-RQ%MK[*Q=U?=+U:JANYSPVT'3_I5;*(+&K


'(H.PL&]AMMX5
%W*3NH$P]KAEK$0WK

'X=A






3L]8YU-DKMKC_J'_%(\9A?MKG&%=/*J@&W-_]
Q.+




M;78Y0V:K2*PNC24?:SGM8RWM^5A+SS[6TMS'TD;9GH^U#.AC'2[^H8\U2!Z_


91FVP+?$3#FL]TO:?7X.2J3Z!^7:0G9


M$OTJ[4C.@3+Z1[+@/M+I)MW

M=HU*Z$7Y%T(BO+W//:ZD4W43CU/:0]Y#K]^../W[V)OGGS+D35*%N[A[A8

+@=&
;OE+BE4%%_5.@Z6 ^'\'+A& _7QL8'G$W2YGYG;8@:
M,K0U-GL8ASCR561 8D)PSZ$QG-$Q'S[B'!=1MLR390(BM*S@ L 3_O 43[9

:+G?#N8X8:U&9WSFNXCL3NXIAF+-)U&4DY&OA9
_OC=XKOOV']-<:MH6SV2 BY2+= /

MI
E

@Q1HYYI2(O'@)







;3!)T'S*89(D9G@]+JD.V

MG(9&-



MDN[5EG6ZV%14V[Q12W3CLK
E*$#8

<JE3B+=/K

.


M
T[K82='1$!#T^ 


M_Y3D+&\0BADT15AE:U#K#*)=?%H%F/NJTPP;GN':X
.+9K2U@N=R^5ASF8@=


M(%)4


$T\WV-K&X0D;V9EE4/5N3?CJT

X


^5IO=#ML7CR3DISK?5ML0YSMP$FT\


K7%#?^RYZX:VC



;.)?L@55W!@


TD2-?.Y5[*?H!<[ZA$IV\'<--;LWCO




DL+0V+_A%N!U5%2[F_3A


MZBQ$_V%+HH
X6%Y#




M^_


A




ME


M/23PT#J MCXW#=G+\4 -Y 5J2F

M/(@T%M&12!+'M

X!X




ML[2

P(WXZ:J\.H



M


KW%1[Y#!2S.JKYG?

MAPB(_QA(_W+U;&M=3:Z)



M7_XUQ07%Y'$WF#YK-(:IFI.!Y4_QH18RR]CXO/PY3/JMV9(
Z4)U.KO/[_X4
M_9T4I]NR(FLJ;P6WO\0/:61T'P_FW.NH@86ZZS5/B)'$_=\\#E:XZO5'A[

_34ZB1*/0Z=3BS#.!TM


=%FRNDZRO!Q



*ZLOY=$

MIS'1:T%H?WY:'0A'KM
ND.04?5^C/68RF6NT LK.9


B5.J?/-EEN%!$2\]=5G %A4LI



M/]E0?.:H+2_'JC[##SNJH;Z-XABZ

(OT-$HL2=+^#


JMOM_=^IBKPC'UXV

M=SVCEG?]8DWB6T)D0(BXAR
8M_3/VKBD)F\


M
G6XEQBOD9L$KG%\%#*XY :RF


X-6.;6U-2@'
M5=[3$7LRX[O/J6Y!-AM&W2QQ
Q$]^30T(1ZX/.XM%F!/*?$4T::O[1W3;4]

H25?30.RO66ZD[
6&FK$[(ZV5(UE $N4@4%0DS1](QL




@N/C.

LF9T630)SO9 #'O2_E!#?7
]$]2Z*\QYS(+N[V

B\6^/)$OHJO#V.1


%RS






MMZF^;KLZY0$87P6S!253.3;HU_I?0 LQO
)PJ/+BR-2P'*6XLR#D8(FNN^AE

M8!G\'6FX21XAJL3R7.VGAPY/2A[?$Y//ZU;[$8WKK=J/ &M:C_V9L/N#*CM
MBCMVS8' .MSK3?U'@E3Q7R::8@R[6;BI+S?W5%$1GJH*+QIVS7I(#CWCDG^

;OE+K
38Y7U9\@;V +F%



M2+SE$'



U^

\0TC18+

?KT0TJ_!#71=,@<?2,OA3PPWX:FA:]WPEX(3T'4Z2E,RETPF)?_?\
M;6&+*2&#YQ*+/Z];L];5NP@^AVH*5[S;E@MY41N)$ +F;&1]A'SL4@26<T0,
M[Y*6!^)I!+4ZHV
4IG^8;




;8- B!OVC5(H
2

 /%\N(;




MZF*=^D#;PRJ;V+U3C?+N;L\ &U$&


74]3EH



M&^R?I 1
5DV/4U)@M&5;Q6;(7C%:




5#E5&*X5@2:?UGDT
MVE#M;@;=(#C-YF*

0^82T7]AJ

89%' :B\&&0H7


)0!O
M\U4R68X3J6WPH5JQR:)XIP:X2OY
R6CK.]-!F'E_R:J7BYI69(W+-F]H*]/K

5A@3HL0CX_:@Q%M.@913F+
M ;N&*/A7LY]-VM'L3&JW[(4B\

ECA]

MC/GA*7W4+&_AHA9PN


MKK H1Z8.)28B.E0



\AK=^LX/0KJ7?#?
M^_1;-O7!ZV9YXIIO7F-1
631UF2%-V'#U[M A'?


94LPN(
MBFV00CJ15\3UQ6'RD'CAW@!OR9$V$]53XA8[7R^)FU7X-^/%\8[$0LW8GQ'E
MUV'PT3F1)\/Q!6'R8OC@4U.WSJ[
^:!][($MI\R6;$D\_.9[D55_2_):F
$H


9Y6F-8E) [.C8RDTXM
K6287Y


3P3O/5(NH;L

;9:(
M#LJY_5'VQM@\.




=_;KN_@S_=W5%JZ0 B3L'\!,;)Q!RAB[?J\



TUM&

XX@J

I'N

6DC@%<8H

MZF
:A4:/XU'!K?.3''#[
22$MX9
$
M'N6F\#;PRXPFS\\E/ I
@.)7;42UE=*PN_PW-Z9S?&J'%UU(762<N&06




*.N7-;\F
D/
M-$^^?&)/(C@HTRUH]%L+/
QSHT!E
I]TGJ-(ER\XK7-

M.-__S\S'$DY)0\9S*0;;3H?HO,(U!8E40.]AQ2/-6 (+2 Q OZ!&JQ!!Z8


[C$SAL
MU .. #IJP'ME*V42D[ET\RRGO)R K8^3XI_W)DH$Q?OR45INP0PP
JDTI4



MB5X?WN..?%#-N//X0#-Q FBBBN'9M

Q$LDLS(VLQ\KA^O4




T8G=PEU?%+U^0UE*H$
=^
MP_N2+B#?ZE_I5A8N.V-CB1K_A'/RS D.4O[.@HLG2'#06?H*7H&HXF;4B2[Q
M=5B
FY$(-&U-8$B\8@2[9)? D$@R
DQ'J!B8SHM8


M@?2CSNKA-E_5\D4#'=64]Q





LXO;]'Z'K
MSU5M@5(AO/V+QNG?8'Z/W)0X]T]


MH;IB%.9_9/C+92VILW1 FH/01



@9
E0




SJN F+FFZV3U&OKM#H^3T&[G
M
*E4IYU-^Z@-7OP)M&CN.I[/C[%K!]?] _5[L^D




CYU#U&7S=UA

7


2%T
!&(U[9_(7G*CILH;:

]LIIV;'W*D2=&J(ZP/9+[I)27\;(TJVX&JQET;VFN9FAJY<+ZIHR&Y?A
M@0C@R4LZ=XBBC&,:)E?6$CL31SOA6<MOVN=996O2=74H^L7)[POV69EFR2_

M[&Y)Y&?[
ODPTP_1WL__!RL/76Y.E< W*G<:SWV-'D5!_O1U!E


MSY[%-:2H&$Y/8$EEE 
*I4S*

S;_R%OMI@PUWL=V+Q4



MGH43GV\:B7';*CF7M8H
/?:9!4%Z:/H032J'\#!M1FEG;1HI&[R+6:




D\HS5;9DJO8[.I@
M%XGD



M@+O+IA$ZJIF

MSQWIBRT8?T$



7'8

MYEF%SN-9P8#7(EHNQ31[+L#(R%0YM(32[2NFP*

B2B
Y;


M666OW.

WT%ZT'C(K6K*L6%91TN(3QBAEL#K%'\1#EUA^3

%&)$X^[Y+ZZ[D?%\W6%U^-%T^=-853Z7 V4+X%Z#DXZH3;-6MDF'/(
M 8NTS^2THU+K.J2

Y/H?=8SD
R_6YO%JM


MC.T/F00I.0'J'^H6DYT$X*WC\20F6KV-':Q/IXMQ!W&! !'$

P+/T7$#6\G4*(7VK# )6FQ!U




)?1V
8\@ZUX0-_+5+_?$2M@WP#P@'


M!.#=BC]H_5[S1]+ Q'AM$54RKW.7)\#C70N$/1M@!K)F3Y*6S*:77V;JX[+?





.


^*1$U;AOF\85_&_W63K3!9:XP-D#
K: 6K.



*U'69JHZ
H6


..


:/:-0T@QB(-^\G^&
M#UW(+7V^I*H@N?AV33BGU?$J:%5EM8;

M=RA/\S-%__Z_NMM-+D]O;S\_CM:Q/DLSG._O5]CK__G__C__Z__NO_B:)/


M?Q?]^#YZ_TL4_8__RM+\SW_R_[F/*?J.$9'3ZI__^GY9%.M__O##X^/C/Y[N


M
LIC.ON+$4
+-ALB@OXJ4U)UI!'CNR)C2=#\7]^3]+Z(=B_AE/Z_?;ZCV*S9
MK*
:;IBSBKWSQY2FD#68(6.I2]G6/\ES\NZD]UAT^K




/


ML %

*U PG9?5'G
\B5$U@IHW

5E5

MT49HI!*T




I3G]

OS(/^


MZYC\'F?EH7

MLI![BWAI@T^OZ?N

(=X_HQMD+'#[D+JM1_1T_IRT?(UI6JF9
M\E( .EU#3KH;Z:603V4]
3U$#YJ?&
)M%
/5)^] 42=CRT^?L8?

MVQV5[@% CL8TZ$$#
+.//4JW-2 ];;V.1C1TA*73KN)H
$-'2 !;BM'+0J(L
M_:M


M@V/^%4_8L.DFFI)%G*=_5X+
Z7-= ?:/DYBF=#J_WA-T=C7+SA!-2+JN!.I\






M]1E\VWJ^[3;&9SM.ZI^C&2


4%&P\?EU?$M.EI@^[


OM/20O^




X7^(
[X]
M-_\J :S[@&

M75\^@]H
@0_XQQM/E<5\2_*?:WO

3.@-SH7@

M:$10@ABU[&-O0\T?4%YJWQ0$']P64Z7L&=
V:=V]9-I#?/WX6MGYOM5Q'9

M/)FWV%0Z!P\*6/.GFNJ5:AC#2A6


*W('2


TQ23@'?&B33
M6M3

M

MMNCAU7=+Q'[Z^;S:62_SA



@
C0DZX3;9TSV3


1++&YY$*A-9$%M5;]:=L.9XUV$L)F+OJ\ZR

M[T12K)8R[;KS;-[DMLTNKBY1J[^3;M:?V OJ3I/ C4%BKB\(-/I?

SI


M&0?;A&.[]UR$DX88R:+Q

N9HL0#$$'FR[ZIBX4L%



MNBO0E&RP[VU==K#VA&JY7]%*7Y \Z8:AZ3393@_(%1SRMOX7D44XH*&NWH


ZN)

M/[9I/QZ7A!S

&

Q1\E@ $75\
4W!0

MH&#)#)9



^&('[G$JR04J7P#3FDM@E=L7='K8UE5*
MH__NA_X\


$
#=*:+I+.AB$[+D/?@0$92QGV91=3-3




M%B-8]&K)+G



%
)JQI%<)O\HMS1?1&F=I57)N]P?</J8[HCDC
M63O*@J7





M!$!PSOY





MFR'3ESQ*S56F[^




5T


M)MB&SN2-JS2^3[


.&QA?)I0:QD[N1WM_M==








@V)N

'DI::P_%$*0\GC=LQ ;W[


+9
X3^K:T[L2')O/
5L@


M3 PQ'
LT^5YHNV@2B]
MO]BT$68@!H(!QY@!YV7!WCY_POU[BK]M/^#)YOP)D22EZ)K/D9LX7\A3008:
M?26K^
-G]83-E]G-XCMYVE2H-EMP=[\-4\+?H=LO5?S6WBJJYL! 3*#OFA0
MXUWOZQIF^!MH.S&IEG_!^0/[K.CPXU8S@$Z2(GU0Q9#U


M6NVBO:+2\BWNP;7=)



EZ 4?S51Q1[
\V8?QMK#:
M\CBD?PP5B1[MKV! ?LX5L &=?5;B@GZ.4ISU@I%1?S4NM




_KH3@)+

CB/)JA(DXS=CPP
MJLLXTU7P6@YO6MOK1&90_8RI?I.B6*)53/Y$Q72;I7--\(+$J\]H=8](DWH'
M[=

I]+4^L2*NC8*ZD\*.P.
MUZ6@TSA[/G/.Z@5Y]WH][M.JU[

%+W3]@+8W@C5QT&G =E^A41FCI-A3Q-B_#I4P]M
?GQD)



M9
/F'[?QBTP8H+X]SE!MYM@!D THQ=,TKNDM.0NBBFYC2L9KMKD!)RI.]ID
MJZ:CJW]$J_8GW=




]]4:H%=O)@.'9XS\C68W;'V=

TW6SBA/#MG2P-M7..@MF9(OD4+
MOEP^(:[JKI=LJ\R$)O;&B)YM\;W1',67;SMLJ+=:$[ZL?JK_XQOIAGU[V


G







M4]47:-2;K-IZ

M1QA8V]XA.MQFZRQ8(E_


M]6/_YW/HBRMHQP?PI_7J[8[[MDTQK )5M629P]0]
NJ[9W
NSFXP[$3LCD


M

#7
MR[L


Z*+5]AV6P


M[)9=D=
FN#Y
KB7@GLIU*()/J$^#&T];
MXB-W-%WP-
0?=GQA]O=G
.SG=

#-#X
P%;^3W!



CD\^.V&MO4=FSU=;T9!CGQ?D FY8
$TWL8*
MTDI3L6



M@X4:_U!&K(9A[JQCU;TZ_$A=IFMYH*@AWDVV)1/W157S*UVV;Y5:+%5XKF




M=KP=[WZ




MV=Z.+C#9YTN5A-)ZO&#K#+;.8.L









0#4WJF_1E X%NJ%I^
5


MM%NOB+Y^WS7?%-DGWTX%KKZAF9K
QFZ]DGF1/J'9[C6W? ?FT^XR/Z?L7'\\




-
M6'+J_27]0T!O4'5_X(R+I[5&5$MUJX4_?HEE,MNM5*Y_X[3FXS1'

MW16^]I6A3[GQ!9%U3(H-SXP7U*V6-0NUR$




MU@/;&)L-^
_&]TK6H)4)?O_Y*:;%%US\-RIN4((7.?^:M6^^-AX(H#+R;B?






M*O=+-




L;.WSL@M7W[:P1J;\FM6F-C)2QW7/6;AA50A-



M:JMZMYR$$P:8^.S+


PFCO=Y64O/)A!@A=
M6Y+J8V





+!'K]V



MQZ_.#;4Y#V+V^2EH==J7I[V ^U\_O
&6D?AG_:QZQ#F\0?/O^'^_WER^@H-_
MN'N^.:%D^8\$KW[@M=??O?_I70TTW7$=Y;A T;N?HC1_P%G)7D0V4?*24H#G
M44PI*F@TJZN01\7K
N1U(7@^+Z/=*ZKB[OV]H0:&IJMUAG;8-$*S;?]F:AC#



CDWX5
@MDNN1@&T

9-J07
MQX#Z.
/*RPFT#7/6X^I-=YO[EX#&*TSI)\+^1X^UYVX.LO2%E\OM^.F:QX Q

1@]25T4/#)4G 0MM

*E[0]7</ /B&2Y@0=S!YORO=NQ)/KMB[\S^5TE2.DN3M[<6-3G\U+V



OF/N#N5]FB.8+^[F



]XO2G.!3N'






I


MS8MQ 
EPA]04FM^.



M2)





%!



?X4V?








M3



MU@:



MAORC![*KQ5A_N(Z@?Z/
B

'P7'S5N^:E%XJ'1Q'


RZ(D:.^G*%YA4J1_
MU].D727 WMYGN )@SW2'RG\'9 U7^4\8KMW;)P65K.IY CF2V3/9(_3\:8UR

M%;VX%&5==1ML#

M)6F%]#O_T^]
1M.Q37G8 2M2SZ1(61W[^90C\@UCZ^9#H
!MA;


M.(M6]5U7W(^#YP=7:^.R8

M=#)IM'E]3]YI3



MT\+K)Z

M5
_

4%*D#W6BXCT3DN)$Y! 9\E46[I6JT^?Y
M?_92Z?/\N'O<5:*C):@OM'//C/WBUWF#JCCU;:9@%$\5T5X_8/ZWMY.8]K^
MTFZ!

_G2+A-VB$B


:00:O\











M!-JV


M[0/.?;&_]01DQZ!O7]22_M'4BL >8$OT
M*^@







MYF=7&#F+=9@EL1=;3'VG/RA]YW4W=Q@2/-;03M;N(KA%66M]\NVPSC&,'S/
M;#M,J,]JLZSIN*P@ TK]H:F_P4UF]4$K!#5Q\ZU8EICJ?HT=KN@])-+--FQ





ML1 X=ER!8P#CS=@C'P8/G'

M'

RS*$@AAR'J\8 L#Z

MWK'7-GQD:1OSI+Y4.:WN/OB:IP6]N?W:B+16GY%'.!S*2;LK7FQ$1AZ^VQ-H



MT





MX'B$?(NSW+M9TPB0AMKFG9U2#$A[Z=\[2Z9ZUK37H

M)#



MA
D(Q^$;Z4&C. [_R%JYQ$Y3'JP.1V1]Z2[I7$X1TJ!$4N.E&ZZ
!@N'[3


MJOS?U\$V$5TB5&B$#P &

3G/

D 3WL
ML+&[AD'V




M@YVJU0FUQ-D

MIO.OM)8


F^.0J-A+AVNIINCV#2[F\$P?/ $!GV//!BBCYY !#!^


MT)P93@T8_ SM-ZVN\]7@G

M%;]]Y/!^7:]-;P.5UHLDWY[NT4V%MS![6Z;Q _*=ADV44GE7'&O4_O9/C:

/T1*+O'TJT

M)-Q
WM;3JJ
MR =OY'SS\[R3)]
?T4TV(ZYW4DJQ0T1![8-*W^&6-'WB5

M4GX.E7RW;\

*77!
^%P;%[+6SB
M?IFS\Y;)


MC\FF$B%YQ1

M.C.\/X[-.

@N3
MHON!&1-D7RF-L[R81BOP'WLWBIMW(J-;2T^2TJ?7\?6/E\$C6WN@6](:J&


+82?TI


(SOWKJXZEW@)?CNZ6


]AV*D
A'A8)\I!J
@+92$.R'*H+


9XBD#U4D!OW_RCA+YYLJO.G?:+9 6XLZ%P*Y



/SI.@+*N4+W +I62$3KXD6R !&M;G#CCN!9#JO@6;+

2$D)H3$A)8((KW%&L1WDT)*1&]0G/ F?-
MH0?X9/WH
+Y


M


MX:7+9I?;/K..D-39M$=)L6?68_\Z-.FQG_[X'/\'D]WGI0VK3M[(#)%?XA6:
MSE]1T;AQ@=J:-YE.MO/@YGD:-*XT:'
;+MP\07E1QXK=I/3/$Y0GRU5
_FS\


G(A[Y@

M.$?;U

MNMA+-*L*JE?!93=LU9 ')+ZA%]S3(EN
'A7]K(G=*WW=-S$CY_9))IG.E]

L%Y:VE\J8M&'DW
M46#P 


0F):WIN1G2;N)\T11
MW_C

M+TZAEK! E7!?9H\\[41@_AH[\]*S1V*)'/O:D/

]?Q6PT%S@U ?PN8.R+*0@]CSAP6%C TRF6R4
M@;Q!67U=^#)=RR
4YVN+C%&]\[Y_?-<
MFTW50$XQ?;*IBX7PRTLD@24M1G*35F(;2;4PR]8
ZK$TJC-%J.XA2[XJ@:

8=IQE8G_7%
MBMP1+_F)Z(NWJB-(4-'8EYCG!97!?]BP3_F#'MZ'@#];S1NG;*;U;+WQ





M9




;EGP5;9,Y$R;^&\7D(GUHR]^K,5S^?E_8
M5GGWB+(']!GGQ1+B&(,,XS++'3_M&+YJ12,NA77T@=U=9_&.O;#+9ZSZ.\_D
M(^[XB-VCL&O^2RE2Z9+#@[?TH0I9,5_Y<.FZ(QHOR#34<VI0B]5KLT#DUH
M=YN')Y1&R'::BR;LQE*





'$:KJ_EFN- CAT%KZV@:+BK)8;ZVD3!H'WT+2VWEJX\'J
HK_4XP*'





6-PY!BB%(L:<@Q5;B;PA0/)X 18D<

M+@#5E;G17_S[6
K).1C_[F+U)YAY;8 -PWWW
-3P-=SNX6QL!L1LX]V.HD2D
MG3EQN.AT%W&.U*&BS]W9?N3L+A(L]=PJD7TZJET(OW$?JKY)$@=
E0N(\9

MM

RO



M4G=B2CN8NT)0Z?$$E39;$75\H9UW3%^@5
3S;%E=.^VBF$2
MD3O&65TNG70QA@W_I:9@_6T$ZNON:XX/)2RMWLR*QT&V.49+ QL.]#_1 =#

M?+0A^'^?AW/]3&$^+
S5HOCB.4W!EY.

R^WFG0
M#E89T&S1N
Z-]'$@P
$EMA.P-&F=



LY#<#(\[CLS],80N#9#8[VZ6J:.A30-D_;NZ&IR-[#^.
M@+N19X=43T!5S.)AJ@TX.HWL!:C/429 7</6NM^Q$*#;@+M_6TC2&J[@+

M=?+2PGYY$R4M(ZQH N0I%#$Y(


MFO!/0T_C=5K$&0_?W^:X- :5Z/0;@LPIVPW9O
T75XAM*C=\AYC.OU)4/P51

9X]IEC'I^)+MM/DB

T2[H
A668PIG:;^P \2^+B=%URF3US1R3*FD)RI%Z!!?8Y.9F
M




MPTA;






MSQ=(2R=**PDX*][S B^^*;G9FNC5!2G?S&RR$Y^H?BWH^4R+NN6\V#W 6I(*

_U-6[GJ\?
M&ZJF_0-?@QVX(+N7C$%ZJE()7=TX4.)JQ'G70[O@V;:M0


MA_[F(_EW*W


M();7Y

NK'M
=$/9*EH/-&^2&XIUQE(9<Z54S(9BJ+%3PIR):_;QY^ K=/Y'EYD

= !$
M     ( !     ')I8G0M
C R
#$R

M+$-7'P  094! !$              ( !TJD! ')I8G0M
C R
#$R

M4$L! A0#%     @ KH594O2 K9]A$P  GST! !4              ( !6
D!
M ')I8G0M
C R
#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *Z%65*.
2):?W@

C Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q0


C R
#$R

4!08     !@ & (H!   8=0
    !
end



