

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-19-010981
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190529
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190529
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616262
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				471535633
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36865
		FILM NUMBER:		19861232
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 TURNER DRIVE
		CITY:			DURANGO
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(970) 259-0554
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 TURNER DRIVE
		CITY:			DURANGO
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rocky Mountain Brands
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140808









	
	








WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549





 2019










 Inc.




			


			




			


			





 Durango
 CO 81303

 including ZIP code)



 including area code)




		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			


			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;




 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


		
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			




 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;




 2018
 the last trading day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) held by non-affiliates was $38
815
702. For purposes of this calculation
 shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by holders of more than 5% of the registrant&rsquo;s outstanding common stock have been excluded since those persons may under certain circumstances be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.








 2019
 there were 5
962
327 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.




 2019.











 INC.








			


			


		
			
			



			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


			




			


			




			


			




ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


			




			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


			




			


			












 includes statements of our expectations
 intentions
 plans and beliefs that constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended

 as amended
 to changing economic
 competitive
 regulatory and technological conditions
 risks and uncertainties. The statements
 other than statements of historical fact
eport are forward-looking statements. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as &quot;will
&quot; &quot;intend
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;anticipate
&quot; &quot;should
&quot; &quot;plan
&quot; &quot;estimate
&quot; &quot;potential
&quot; or similar expressions. Factors which could cause results to differ include
 but are not limited to: changes in the confectionery business environment
 seasonality
 products
 general economic conditions
 
 receptiveness of our products internationally
trends
 costs and availability of raw materials
 competition
 the success of our co-branding strategy
 the success of international expansion efforts

 subject to and which could cause results to differ from forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to: local
 state and federal laws regarding health
 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire codes
 franchising
licensing
employment
 manufacturing
 actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements contained herein
eport. As such they should not be unduly relied upon for more current circumstances. Except as required by law
 
















 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its subsidiaries (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;)
 including its operating subsidiary with the same name
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;RMCF&rdquo;)
 is an international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in 1981
 we are headquartered in Durango
 Colorado and manufacture an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. Our wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;)
 franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt caf&eacute;s. Our revenues and profitability are derived principally from our franchised/license system of retail stores that feature chocolate
 frozen yogurt and other confectionary products. We also sell our candy in selected locations outside of our system of retail stores and license the use of our brand with certain consumer products. As of March 31
 2019
 there were two Company-owned
 90 licensee-owned and 245 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores operating in 37 states
 Canada
 South Korea
 Panama
 and the Philippines. As of March 31
 2019
 U-Swirl operated four Company-owned caf&eacute;s
 68 franchised caf&eacute;s and 30 licensed locations located in 26 states and Qatar. U-Swirl operates self-serve frozen yogurt caf&eacute;s under the names &ldquo;U-Swirl
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s Yo!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&rdquo;. The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 2014 in connection with its holding company reorganization.


 through our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 including Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&ldquo;ALY&rdquo;)
 we entered into two agreements to sell all of the assets of our ALY frozen yogurt stores
 along with our interest in the self-serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; which we also acquired in January 2013
 to U-Swirl
 Inc. (&ldquo;SWRL&rdquo;)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in SWRL (46% equity interest as of February 28
 2019). Upon completion of these transactions
 we ceased to directly operate any Company-owned ALY locations or sell and support frozen yogurt franchise locations
 which were being supported by SWRL. The SWRL Board of Directors is composed solely of board members also serving on our Board of Directors.


 SWRL acquired the franchise rights and certain other assets of self-serve frozen yogurt concepts under the names &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&rdquo; In connection with these acquisitions
 we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 we entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &ldquo;SWRL Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
 we foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl on February 29
 2016 in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary as of February 29
 2016
 and concurrently we ceased to have financial control of SWRL as of February 29
 2016. As of February 28
 2019
 SWRL had no operating assets.


 approximately 52% of the products sold at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores were prepared on the premises. We believe that in-store preparation of products creates a special store ambiance
 and the aroma and sight of products being made attracts foot traffic and assures customers that products are fresh.


 our reputation for the quality
 variety and taste of our products
 the special ambiance of our stores
 our knowledge and experience in applying criteria for selection of new store locations
 our expertise in the manufacture of chocolate candy products and the merchandising and marketing of confectionary products
 and the control and training infrastructures we have implemented to assure consistent customer service and execution of successful practices and techniques at our stores.


 including wholesale
 fundraising
 corporate sales
 mail order
 private label and internet sales.



		
			

			



 where feasible and appropriate;




		
			

			



800 to 3
000 square feet;




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			





 we recognize that its acquisition strategy may lead U-Swirl to purchase competitors with diverse layouts.








 CherryBerry
 Yogli Mogli
 Fuzzy Peach
 Let&rsquo;s Yo! and Yogurtini locations are similar to that of U-Swirl
 although their locations use different color schemes and are typically smaller than the U-Swirl caf&eacute;s.


 other confectionery products and frozen yogurt (including products manufactured by us) (10%-11%-12%) and (iii) the collection of initial franchise fees and royalties from franchisees (20%-21%-22%). For FY 2019
 approximately 98% of our revenues were derived from domestic sources
 with 2% derived from international sources. The figures in parentheses above show the percentage of total revenues attributable to each source for the FY 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


 the total U.S. candy market generated approximately $35.8 billion of retail sales in 2015


 published in January 2017 by Packaged Facts
 in 2016 the U.S. market for ice cream and related frozen desserts
 including frozen yogurt and frozen novelties
 grew to $28 billion.




 other confectionery products and frozen yogurt. We continually seek opportunities to profitably expand our business. To accomplish this objective
 we employ a business strategy that includes the elements set forth below.




 primarily developed by our master candy makers. A typical Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store offers up to 100 of our chocolate candies throughout the year and as many as 200
 including many packaged candies
 during the holiday seasons. Individual stores also offer numerous varieties of premium fudge and gourmet caramel apples
 as well as other products prepared in the store from Company recipes.




 enjoyable and inviting atmosphere in each of our store locations. Unlike most other confectionery stores
 each Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store prepares numerous products
 including fudge
 barks and caramel apples
 in the store. In-store preparation is designed to be both fun and entertaining for customers and we believe the in-store preparation and aroma of our products enhance the ambiance at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores
 are fun and entertaining for our customers and convey an image of freshness and homemade quality. To ensure that all stores conform to the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory image
 our design staff has developed easily replicable designs and specifications and approves the construction plans for each new store. We also control the signage and building materials that may be used in the stores.




 including tenant mix
 visibility
 attractiveness
 accessibility
 level of foot traffic and occupancy costs. Final site selection occurs only after our senior management has approved the site. We believe that the experience of our management team in evaluating a potential site is one of our competitive strengths.


















			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			









			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			





 the earliest period same store sales are reported is for FY 2016.


 fun and excitement of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory retail store experience. We also believe that the successful launch of new packaging has had a positive impact on same store sales.




 same store pounds purchased by franchisees and licensees decreased 0.5% compared to the prior fiscal year. We continue to add new products and focus our existing product lines in an effort to increase same store pounds purchased by existing locations. We believe historical decreases in same store pounds purchased
 including for FY 2019
 were due
 in part
 to a product mix shift from factory-made products to products made in the store
 such as caramel apples.




 implementation of a comprehensive advanced planning and scheduling system for production scheduling
 implementation of alternative manufacturing strategies
 installation of enhanced point-of-sale systems in all of our Company-owned stores and the majority of our franchised stores
 and implementation of a serial/lot tracking and warehouse management system. These measures have significantly improved our ability to deliver our products to our stores safely
 quickly and cost-effectively and positively impact store operations.








 despite the difficult financing environment for our concepts
 in locations where we have traditionally been successful
 to pursue new and developing real estate environments for franchisees which appear promising based on early sales results
 and to improve and expand our retail store concepts
 such that previously untapped and unfeasible environments generate sufficient revenue to support a successful Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory or U-Swirl location.










 outlet centers
 tourist areas
 street fronts
 airports
 other entertainment-oriented environments and strip centers. We have established a business relationship with most of the major developers in the United States and believe that these relationships provide us with the opportunity to take advantage of attractive sites in new and existing real estate environments.




 but growth has generated a gradual easterly momentum as new stores have been opened in the eastern half of the country. We believe this growth has further increased our name recognition and demand for our franchises. We believe that distribution of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products through specialty markets also increases name recognition and brand awareness in areas of the country in which we have not previously had a significant presence and we believe it will also improve and benefit our entire store system.


 enjoyable and inviting atmosphere in each of our store locations. Unlike most other confectionery stores
 each Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store prepares numerous products
 including fudge
 barks and caramel apples
 in the store. Customers can observe store personnel making fudge from start to finish
 including the mixing of ingredients in old-fashioned copper kettles and the cooling of the fudge on large granite or marble tables
 and are often invited to sample the store&#39;s products. In FY 2019
 an average of approximately 52% of the revenues of franchised stores are generated by sales of products prepared on the premises. In-store preparation is designed to be both fun and entertaining for customers and we believe the in-store preparation and aroma of our products enhance the ambiance at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores
 are fun and entertaining for our customers and convey an image of freshness and homemade quality.


 our design staff has developed easily replicable designs and specifications and approves the construction plans for each new store. We also control the signage and building materials that may be used in the stores.


000 square feet
 approximately 650 square feet of which is selling space. Most stores are open seven days a week. Typical hours are 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
 Monday through Saturday
 and 12 noon to 6 p.m. on Sundays. Store hours in tourist areas may vary depending upon the tourist season.


 we began testing co-branded locations
 such as the co-branded stores with Cold Stone Creamery. Co-branding a location is a vehicle to exploit retail environments that would not typically support a stand-alone Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store. Co-branding can also be used to more efficiently manage rent structure
 payroll and other operating costs in environments that have not historically supported stand-alone Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores. As of February 28
 2019
 Cold Stone Creamery franchisees operated 91 co-branded locations
 our U-Swirl franchisees operated 12 co-branded locations and three Company-owned co-branded units were in operation.


 the United Arab Emirates
 the Republic of Panama
 South Korea
 the Republic of the Philippines
 Vietnam
 Qatar and Japan. We believe that international opportunities may create a favorable expansion strategy and reduce dependence on domestic franchise openings to achieve growth.


 2019:




			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			












 caramels
 creams
 toffees
 mints and truffles. These products are offered for sale and also configured into approximately 400 varieties of packaged assortments. We continue to engage in a major effort to expand our product line by developing additional exciting and attractive new products. During the Christmas
 Easter and Valentine&#39;s Day holiday seasons
 we may make as many as 100 items
 including many candies offered in packages
 that are specially designed for such holidays. A typical Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store offers up to 100 of these approximately 700 chocolate candies and other confectionery products throughout the year and up to an additional 100 during holiday seasons. Individual stores also offer more than 15 varieties of caramel apples and other products prepared in the store. In FY 2019
 approximately 45% of the revenues of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores are generated by products manufactured at our factory
 52% by products made in individual stores using our recipes and ingredients purchased from us or approved suppliers and the remaining 3% by products such as ice cream
 coffee and other sundries purchased from approved suppliers.


 approximately 28% of our product sales resulted from the sale of products outside of our system of franchised and licensed locations
 which we refer to as specialty markets. The majority of sales to specialty markets are to a single customer. For FY 2019
 this customer represented approximately 46% of total shipments to specialty markets and approximately 9% of our total revenues. These products are produced using the same quality ingredients and manufacturing processes as the products sold in our network of retail stores. See Item 1A &ldquo;Risk Factors&mdash;Our Sales to Specialty Market Customers
 Customers Outside Our System of Franchised Stores
 Are Concentrated Among a Small Number of Customers.&rdquo;


 nutmeats and other wholesome ingredients in our candies and continually strive to offer new confectionery items in order to maintain the excitement and appeal of our products. We develop special packaging for the Christmas
 Valentine&#39;s Day and Easter holidays
 and customers can have their purchases packaged in decorative boxes and fancy tins throughout the year.


 with an average price of $23.32 per pound. Franchisees set their own retail prices
 though we do recommend prices for all of our products.


 including custom and seasonal specialty flavors. Our toppings bars feature up to 70 toppings allowing for a customizable frozen dessert experience. Caf&eacute;s typically sell frozen yogurt by the ounce
 with prices generally ranging between $0.46 and $0.61 per ounce.






 outlet centers
 tourist areas
 street fronts
 airports and other entertainment-oriented shopping centers. Each of these environments has a number of attractive features
 including high levels of foot traffic. Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory domestic franchise locations in operation as of February 28
 2019 include:




			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			






 2019
 there were Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in approximately 43 regional centers
 including a location in the Mall of America in Bloomington
 Minnesota. Although they often provide favorable levels of foot traffic
 regional centers typically involve more expensive rent structures and competing food and beverage concepts.




 2019
 there were approximately 39 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in outlet centers. We have established business relationships with most of the major outlet center developers in the United States. Although not all factory outlet centers provide desirable locations for our stores
 we believe our relationships with these developers will provide us with the opportunity to take advantage of attractive sites in new and existing outlet centers.








 
 Airports


 2019
 there were approximately 29 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in locations considered to be tourist areas
 including Fisherman&#39;s Wharf in San Francisco
 California and the River Walk in San Antonio
 Texas. Tourist areas are very attractive locations because they offer high levels of foot traffic and favorable customer spending characteristics
 and greatly increase our visibility and name recognition. We believe there are a number of other environments that have the characteristics necessary for the successful operation of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores such as airports and sports arenas. As of February 28
 2019
 there were 11 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores at airport locations.




 such as late at night.






 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory was rated the number one franchise opportunity in the candy category by Entrepreneur Magazine (the last publication of this category ranking) and since then has been ranked in the Top 500 Franchises every year by Entrepreneur Magazine. As of March 31
 2019
 there were 245 franchised stores in the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system and 68 franchised stores under the U-Swirl frozen yogurt brands. We strive to bring this philosophy of service and commitment to all of our franchised brands and believe this strategy gives us a competitive advantage in the support of frozen yogurt franchises.




 to interested consumers who have visited one of our domestic franchise locations and to existing franchisees. We also advertise for new franchisees in national and regional newspapers as suitable potential store locations come to our attention. Franchisees are approved by us on the basis of the applicant&#39;s net worth and liquidity
 together with an assessment of work ethic and personality compatibility with our operating philosophy.




 we entered into a franchise development agreement covering Canada with Immaculate Confections
 Ltd. of Vancouver
 British Columbia (&ldquo;Immaculate Confections&rdquo;). Pursuant to this agreement
 Immaculate Confections purchased the exclusive right to franchise and operate Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in Canada. As of March 31
 2019
 Immaculate Confections operated 58 stores under this agreement.


 with a licensee that meets minimum qualifications to develop Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 or a brand of U-Swirl in that country. License agreements are generally entered into for a period of 3-10 years and allow the licensee exclusive development rights in a country. Generally
 we require an initial license fee and commitment to a development schedule. International license agreements in place include the following:


		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the country of South Korea. As of March 31
 2019
 one unit was operating under this agreement.





		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the Republic of the Philippines. As of March 31
 2019
 four units were operating under the agreement.





		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the Republic of the Panama. As of March 31
 2019
 one unit was operating under the agreement.











		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. As of March 31
 2019
 there were no units operating under the agreement.





		
			

			



 we have additional international development agreements covering Canada and the State of Qatar. As of March 31
 2019
 no units were operating in Canada and two units were operating in Qatar.







 we entered into a Master License Agreement with Kahala Franchise Corp. Under the terms of the agreement
 select current and future Cold Stone Creamery franchise stores are co-branded with both the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and the Cold Stone Creamery brands. Locations developed or modified under the agreement are subject to the approval of both parties. Locations developed or modified under the agreement will remain franchisees of Cold Stone Creamery and will be licensed to offer the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory brand. As of March 31
 2019
 Cold Stone Creamery franchisees operated 90 stores under this agreement.


 we allow U-Swirl brands to offer Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products under terms similar to other co-branding agreements. As of March 31
 2019
 there were 12 franchise and Company-owned U-Swirl caf&eacute;s offering Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products.




 customer service
 merchandising
 pricing
 cooking
 inventory and cost control
 quality standards
 record keeping
 labor scheduling and personnel management. Training is based on standard operating policies and procedures contained in an operations manual provided to all franchisees
 which the franchisee is required to follow by terms of the franchise agreement. Additionally
 and importantly
 trainees are provided with a complete orientation to our operations by working in key factory operational areas and by meeting with members of our senior management.


 marketing and customer service to all front-line store level employees to maximize their skills and ensure that they are fully versed in our proven techniques.


 who maintain regular and frequent communication with the stores by phone and by site visits. The field consultants also review and discuss store operating results with the franchisee and provide advice and guidance in improving store profitability and in developing and executing store marketing and merchandising programs.






 factory ordering
 merchandising
 advertising and accounting procedures. Through their regular visits to franchised stores
 our field consultants audit performance and adherence to our standards. We have the right to terminate any franchise agreement for non-compliance with our operating standards. Products sold at the stores and ingredients used in the preparation of products approved for on-site preparation must be purchased from us or from approved suppliers.






 franchisees pay us (i) an initial franchise fee for each store
 (ii) royalties based on monthly gross sales
 and (iii) a marketing fee based on monthly gross sales. Franchisees are generally granted exclusive territory with respect to the operation of their stores only in the immediate vicinity of their stores. Chocolate and yogurt products not made on the premises by franchisees must be purchased from us or approved suppliers. The franchise agreements require franchisees to comply with our procedures of operation and food quality specifications
 to permit inspections and audits by us and to remodel stores to conform with standards then in effect. We may terminate the franchise agreement upon the failure of the franchisee to comply with the conditions of the agreement and upon the occurrence of certain events
 such as insolvency or bankruptcy of the franchisee or the commission by the franchisee of any unlawful or deceptive practice
 which in our judgment are likely to adversely affect the system. Our ability to terminate franchise agreements pursuant to such provisions is subject to applicable bankruptcy and state laws and regulations. See &quot;Regulation&quot; Below for additional information.








 if exercised
 would allow us to purchase the interest proposed to be transferred under the same terms and conditions and for the same price as offered by the proposed transferee.


 and franchisees have the right to renew for one additional ten-year term.




 but we have developed relationships with several sources of franchisee financing to whom we will refer franchisees. Typically
 franchisees have obtained their own sources of such financing and have not required our assistance. In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria
 for inventory and other operational costs.


 we began an initiative to finance entrepreneurial graduates of the Missouri Western State University (&ldquo;MWSU&rdquo;) entrepreneurial program. Beginning in FY 2010
 recent graduates were awarded the opportunity to own a Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchise under favorable financing terms. Prior to FY 2014
 the financing was provided by an independent benefactor of the MWSU School of Business. Beginning in FY 2014
 we began to finance the graduates directly
 under similar terms as the previous financing facility. This program has generally included financing for the purchase of formerly Company-owned locations or for the purchase of underperforming franchise locations. As of February 28
 2019
 approximately $219
000 was included in notes receivable as a result of this program. As of March 31
 2019
 there were 15 units in operation by graduates of the MWSU entrepreneurial program.




 we began a program to finance the remodel costs of a select number of co-branded licensed Cold Stone Creamery locations. The financing was provided to existing Cold Stone Creamery franchisees that were required to meet a number of financial qualifications prior to approval. At February 28
 2019
 approximately $3
000 was included in notes receivable as a result of this program. We initially financed this program in order to encourage early adoption of the co-branding program. Now that the program is mature
 we do not intend to continue direct financing unless circumstances change.




 2019
 there were two Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores and four Company-owned U-Swirl caf&eacute;s. Company-owned stores provide a training ground for Company-owned store personnel and district managers and a controllable testing ground for new products and promotions
 operating and training methods and merchandising techniques
 which may then be incorporated into the franchise store operations.








 Colorado. All products are produced consistent with our philosophy of using only the finest high-quality ingredients to achieve our marketing motto of &quot;


 we can better maintain our high product quality standards
 offer unique
 proprietary products
 manage costs
 control production and shipment schedules and potentially pursue new or under-utilized distribution channels.




 including nuts
 caramel
 peanut butter
 creams and jellies
 and then coating them with chocolate or other toppings. All of these processes are conducted in carefully controlled temperature ranges
 and we employ strict quality control procedures at every stage of the manufacturing process. We use a combination of manual and automated processes at our factory. Although we believe that it is currently preferable to perform certain manufacturing processes
 such as dipping of some large pieces by hand
 automation increases the speed and efficiency of the manufacturing process. We have from time to time automated certain processes formerly performed by hand where it has become cost-effective for us to do so without compromising product quality or appearance.








 and we encourage franchisees and store managers to order only the quantities that they can reasonably expect to sell within approximately two to four weeks. For these reasons
 we generally do not have a significant backlog of orders.




 nuts
 sugar
 corn syrup
 cream and butter. The factory receives shipments of ingredients daily. To ensure the consistency of our products
 we buy ingredients from a limited number of reliable suppliers. In order to assure a continuous supply of chocolate and certain nuts
 we frequently enter into purchase contracts of between six to eighteen months for these products. Because prices for these products may fluctuate
 we may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but we may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall. We have one or more alternative sources for most essential ingredients and therefore believe that the loss of any supplier would not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We currently purchase small amounts of finished candy from third parties on a private label basis for sale in Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores.




 we back-haul our own ingredients and supplies
 as well as products from third parties
 on return trips
 which helps achieve even greater efficiencies and cost savings.






 and to create and update our local store marketing handbooks.


 including advertisements
 coupons
 flyers and mail order catalogs generated by our in-house Creative Services department. The department works directly with franchisees to implement local store marketing programs.


 and do not intend to
 engage in national traditional media advertising in the near future. Consistent with our commitment to community support
 we aggressively seek opportunities to participate in local and regional events
 sponsorships and charitable causes. This support leverages low cost
 high return publicity opportunities for mutual gain partnerships. Through programs such as Fudge for Troops
 and collaborations with Care and Share Food Bank and other national/local organizations focused on youth/leadership development and underserved populations in our community
 we have developed relationships that define our principal platforms
 and contribute to charitable causes that provide exposure at a national level.




 we initiated a program to leverage the marketing benefits of various social media outlets. These low-cost marketing opportunities seek to leverage the positive feedback of our customers to expand brand awareness through a customer&rsquo;s network of contacts. Complementary to local store marketing efforts
 these networks also provide a medium for us to communicate regularly and authentically with customers. When possible
 we work to facilitate direct relationships between our franchisees and their customers. We use social media as a powerful tool to build brand recognition
 increase repeat exposure and enhance dialogue with consumers about their preferences and needs. To date
 the majority of stores have location specific websites and location specific Facebook&reg; pages dedicated to help customers interact directly with their local store. Proceeds from the monthly marketing fees collected from franchisees are used by us to facilitate and assist stores in managing their online presence consistent with our brand and marketing efforts.




 which was manufactured
 marketed
 and distributed by Kellogg&rsquo;s Company. Some of our specialty markets customers have worked with us to offer licensed products alongside products we produce to further enhance brand placement and awareness.










 marketing and other resources than us. In addition
 there is intense competition among retailers for real estate sites
 store personnel and qualified franchisees.


 value
 variety and taste of our products and the special ambiance of our stores; our knowledge and experience in applying criteria for selection of new store locations; our expertise in merchandising and marketing of chocolate
 other candy products and frozen yogurt; and the control and training infrastructures we have implemented to assure execution of successful practices and techniques at our store locations. In addition
 by controlling the manufacturing of our own chocolate products
 we can better maintain our high product quality standards for those products
 offer proprietary products
 manage costs
 control production and shipment schedules and pursue new or under-utilized distribution channels.




&quot; the phrases
&quot;
&rdquo;
 as well as all other trademarks
 service marks
 symbols
 slogans
 emblems
 logos and designs used in the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system
 are our proprietary rights. We believe that all of the foregoing are of material importance to our business. The trademark &ldquo;Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory&rdquo; is registered in the United States and Canada. Applications to register the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory trademark have been filed and/or obtained in certain foreign countries.


 the following marks are owned by U-Swirl and have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office: &ldquo;U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt And Design&rdquo;; &ldquo;U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt&rdquo;; &ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;; &ldquo;U and Design&rdquo;; &ldquo;Worth The Weight&rdquo;; &ldquo;Frequent Swirler&rdquo;; &ldquo;Yogurtini&rdquo;; &ldquo;CherryBerry Self-Serve Yogurt Bar&rdquo;; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli&rdquo;; &ldquo;Best on the Planet&rdquo;; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach&rdquo;; &ldquo;U-Swirl-N-Go&rdquo;; and &ldquo;Serve Yo Self&rdquo;. The &ldquo;U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt and Design&rdquo; (a logo) is also registered in Mexico and U-Swirl has a registration for &ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo; in Canada.






 2019
 we employed approximately 231 people. Most employees
 with the exception of store management
 factory management and corporate management
 are paid on an hourly basis. We also employ some individuals on a temporary basis during peak periods of store and factory operations. We seek to assure that participatory management processes
 mutual respect and professionalism and high-performance expectations for the employee exist throughout the organization. We believe that we provide working conditions
 wages and benefits that compare favorably with those of our competitors. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our employee relations to be good.




 with significantly higher sales and earnings occurring during key holidays
 such as Christmas
 Easter and Valentine&#39;s Day
 and the U.S. summer vacation season than at other times of the year
 which may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations. In addition
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings
 the sale of franchises and the timing of purchases by customers outside our network of franchised locations. Because of the seasonality of our business
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.




 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire agencies in the state or municipality where located. Difficulties or failures in obtaining the required licensing or approvals could delay or prevent the opening of new stores. New stores must also comply with landlord and developer criteria.


 including registration and disclosure requirements in the offer and sale of franchises. We are also subject to the Federal Trade Commission regulations relating to disclosure requirements in the sale of franchises and ongoing disclosure obligations.








 certain states have enacted and others may enact laws and regulations governing the termination or non-renewal of franchises and other aspects of the franchise relationship that are intended to protect franchisees. Although these laws and regulations
 and related court decisions
 may limit our ability to terminate franchises and alter franchise agreements
 we do not believe that such laws or decisions will have a material adverse effect on our franchise operations. However
 the laws applicable to franchise operations and relationships continue to develop
 and we are unable to predict the effect on our intended operations of additional requirements or restrictions that may be enacted or of court decisions that may be adverse to franchisors.


 land use and environmental factors could delay construction of new stores
 increase our capital expenditures and thereby decrease our earnings and negatively impact competitive position.


 packaging and distribution of food products are subject to extensive regulation by various governmental agencies. A finding of a failure to comply with one or more regulations could result in the imposition of sanctions
 including the closing of all or a portion of our facilities for an indeterminate period of time. Our product labeling is subject to and complies with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 and the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004.


 to fill available space on our trucks. Our trucking operations are subject to various federal and state regulations
 including regulations of the Federal Highway Administration and other federal and state agencies applicable to motor carriers
 safety requirements of the Department of Transportation relating to interstate transportation and federal
 state and Canadian provincial regulations governing matters such as vehicle weight and dimensions.








 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We make available free of charge
 through our Internet website
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains these reports
 proxy and information statements and other information that can be accessed
 free of charge
 at www.sec.gov. The contents of our websites are not incorporated into
 and should not be considered a part of
 this Annual Report.









 Business
 or our Franchisees
 with Adverse Consequences to Us


 including our products
 generally decline during weak economic periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely affected. Our performance is subject to factors that affect worldwide economic conditions
 including employment
 consumer debt
 reductions in net worth based on severe market declines
 residential real estate and mortgage markets
 taxation
 fuel and energy prices
 interest rates
 consumer confidence
 value of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies and other macroeconomic factors. These factors may cause consumers to purchase products from lower priced competitors or to defer purchases of discretionary products altogether.


 liquidity and capital resources. It could also impact our ability to fund growth and/or result in us becoming more reliant on external financing
 the availability and terms of which may be uncertain. In addition
 a weak economic environment may exacerbate the other risks noted below.


 which could have a significant adverse impact on our business due to loss or delay in payments of royalties
 contributions to our marketing fund and other fees.


 we cannot be certain that the developers and franchisees we select will have the business acumen or financial resources necessary to open and operate successful franchises in their franchise areas
 and state franchise laws may limit our ability to terminate or modify these franchise arrangements. Moreover
 franchisees may not successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements
 or may not hire and train qualified managers and other store personnel. The failure of developers and franchisees to open and operate franchises successfully could have a material adverse effect on us
 our reputation
 our brand and our ability to attract prospective franchisees and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.

Our Sales to Specialty Market Customers
 Customers Outside Our System of Franchised Stores
 Are Concentrated Among a Small Number of Customers


 2019 compared to revenue of approximately $5.1 million or 13% of our total revenues during the year ended February 28
 2018. Our future results may be adversely impacted by further decreases in the purchases of this customer or the loss of this customer entirely.




 retain and contract with qualified franchisees. Our growth is dependent upon the ability of franchisees to operate their stores successfully
 promote and develop our store concepts
 and maintain our reputation for an enjoyable in-store experience and high-quality products. Although we have established criteria to evaluate prospective franchisees and have been successful in attracting franchisees
 there can be no assurance that franchisees will be able to operate successfully in their franchise areas in a manner consistent with our concepts and standards.




 franchise fees
 contributions to our marketing fund
 and other fees from our franchisees. We have established operational standards and guidelines for our franchisees; however
 we have limited control over how our franchisees&rsquo; businesses are run. While we are responsible for ensuring the success of our entire system of stores and for taking a longer-term view with respect to system improvements
 our franchisees have individual business strategies and objectives
 which might conflict with our interests. Our franchisees may not be able to secure adequate financing to open or continue operating their Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores or U-Swirl caf&eacute;s. If they incur too much debt or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to repay existing debt
 our franchisees could experience financial distress or even bankruptcy. If a significant number of franchisees become financially distressed
 it could harm our operating results through reduced royalty revenues and the impact on our profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in the royalty revenues. Closure of franchised stores
 which during FY 2019
 and potentially in subsequent years
 could exceed levels experienced in recent years
 would reduce our royalty revenues and could negatively impact margins
 since we may not be able to reduce fixed costs which we continue to incur.







ith Respect to the Operations of Our Franchisees
 Which Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Business


 and we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations of their stores. We provide training and support to franchisees
 and set and monitor operational standards
 but the quality of franchised stores may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Consequently
 franchisees may not successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements
 or may not hire and train qualified managers and other store personnel. If franchisees do not operate to our expectations
 our image and reputation
 and the image and reputation of other franchisees
 may suffer materially and system-wide sales could decline significantly
 which would reduce our royalty revenues
 and the impact on profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in royalties and fees.








 approximately 45% of franchised stores&#39; revenues are generated by sales of products manufactured by and purchased from us
 52% by sales of products made in the stores with ingredients purchased from us or approved suppliers and 3% by sales of products purchased from approved suppliers for resale in the stores. Franchisees&#39; sales of products manufactured by us generate higher revenues to us than sales of store-made or other products. We have seen a significant increase in system-wide sales of store-made and other products
 which has led to a decrease in purchases from us and had an adverse effect on our revenues. If this trend continues
 it could further adversely affect our total revenues and results of operations. Such a decrease could result from franchisees&#39; decisions to sell more store-made products or products purchased from approved third party suppliers.




 defined as year-over-year sales for a store that has been open at least one year
 have fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual and quarterly basis and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. During the past five fiscal years
 same store sales results at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchise stores have fluctuated as follows: (a) from (2.9%) to 3.1% for annual results; and (b) from (4.6%) to 7.5% for quarterly results. During the past four fiscal years
 same store sales results at U-Swirl franchise stores have fluctuated as follows: (a) from (4.3%) to (0.5%) for annual results; and (b) from (8.6%) to 2.8% for quarterly results. Sustained declines in same store sales or significant same store sales declines in any single period could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.




 energy and labor directly affect our operations. Most of our leases provide for cost-of-living adjustments and require us to pay taxes
 insurance and maintenance expenses
 all of which are subject to inflation. Additionally
 our future lease costs for new facilities may reflect potentially escalating costs of real estate and construction. There is no assurance that we will be able to pass on our increased costs to our customers.




 energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products
 however
 higher product prices may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are not able to increase our selling prices sufficiently
 or in a timely manner
 to offset increased raw material
 energy or other input costs
 including packaging
 direct labor
 overhead and employee benefits
 or if our sales volume decreases significantly
 there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.










 including chocolate and nuts
 are subject to significant price fluctuations. Although cocoa beans
 the primary raw material used in the production of chocolate
 are grown commercially in Africa
 Brazil and several other countries around the world
 cocoa beans are traded in the commodities market
 and their supply and price are subject to volatility. We believe our principal chocolate supplier purchases most of its beans at negotiated prices from African growers
 often at a premium to commodity prices. The supply and price of cocoa beans
 and in turn of chocolate
 are affected by many factors
 including monetary fluctuations and economic
 political and weather conditions in countries in which cocoa beans are grown. We purchase most of our nut meats from domestic suppliers who procure their products from growers around the world. The price and supply of nuts are also affected by many factors
 including weather conditions in the various regions in which the nuts we use are grown. Although we often enter into purchase contracts for these products
 significant or prolonged increases in the prices of chocolate or of one or more types of nuts
 or the unavailability of adequate supplies of chocolate or nuts of the quality sought by us
 could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.

 U-Swirl
 Which Has 


 we obtained a controlling ownership interest in SWRL. This interest was the result of a transaction designed to create a self-serve frozen yogurt company through the combination of three formerly separate self-serve frozen yogurt retailers (U-Swirl
 Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt). SWRL has historically reported net losses. In February 2016
 we foreclosed on the all of the outstanding common stock of U-Swirl (the operating subsidiary of SWRL) in full satisfaction of the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 pursuant to which U-Swirl became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. If U-Swirl continues to not be profitable
 those operating losses could have a material adverse effect on our overall results of operations.




 and we and our subsidiaries may be&nbsp;unable to accomplish the&nbsp;integration&nbsp;smoothly or successfully. The&nbsp;integration&nbsp;of acquired businesses may also require the dedication of significant management resources
 which may temporarily distract management&rsquo;s attention from the day-to-day operations of the Company. In addition
 the process of&nbsp;integrating&nbsp;operations may cause an interruption of
 or loss of momentum in
 the activities of one or more of our or our subsidiaries&rsquo; businesses and the loss of key personnel from us or the acquired businesses. Our and our subsidiaries&rsquo; strategy is
 in part
 predicated on the ability to realize cost savings and to increase revenues through the acquisition of businesses that add to the breadth and depth of our products and services. Achieving these cost savings and revenue increases is dependent upon a number of factors
 many of which are beyond our control.




 with significantly higher sales and earnings occurring during key holidays and summer vacation season than at other times of the year
 which causes fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations. In addition
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and the sale of franchises. Because of the seasonality of our business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.




 marketing and other resources than we do. In addition
 there is intense competition among retailers for real estate sites
 store personnel and qualified franchisees. Competitive market conditions could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations and our ability to expand successfully.




 including views regarding consumption of chocolate and frozen yogurt. Numerous other factors that we cannot control
 such as economic conditions
 demographic trends
 traffic patterns and weather conditions
 influence the sale of our products. Changes in any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.







We Are Subject to Federal
 State and Local Regulation


 sale and termination of franchises and the refusal to renew franchises. Many state laws also regulate substantive aspects of the franchisor-franchisee relationship by
 for example
 requiring the franchisor to deal with its franchisees in good faith
 prohibiting interference with the right of free association among franchisees and regulating discrimination among franchisees in charges
 royalties or fees. Franchise laws continue to develop and change
 and changes in such laws could impose additional costs and burdens on franchisors. Our failure to obtain approvals to sell franchises and the adoption of new franchise laws
 or changes in existing laws
 could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.


 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire agencies in the state or municipality where located. Difficulties or failures in obtaining required licenses or approvals from such agencies could delay or prevent the opening of a new store. We and our franchisees are also subject to laws governing our relationships with employees
 including minimum wage requirements
 overtime
 working and safety conditions and citizenship requirements. Because a significant number of our employees are paid at rates related to the federal minimum wage
 increases in the minimum wage would increase our labor costs. The failure to obtain required licenses or approvals
 or an increase in the minimum wage rate
 employee benefits costs (including costs associated with mandated health insurance coverage) or other costs associated with employees
 could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.


 packaging and distribution of food products are subject to extensive regulation by various governmental agencies. A finding of a failure to comply with one or more regulations could result in the imposition of sanctions
 including the closing of all or a portion of our facilities for an indeterminate period of time
 and could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.

Information Technology System Failures
 Breaches of our Network Security or Inability to Upgrade or Expand our Technological Capabilities Could Interrupt our Operations and Adversely Affect our Business.


 including point-of-sale processing at our stores. Our and our franchisees&rsquo; operations depend upon our and our franchisees&rsquo; ability to protect our computer equipment and systems against damage from physical theft
 fire
 power loss
 telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events
 as well as from internal and external cybersecurity breaches
 viruses and other disruptive problems. Any damage or failure of our computer systems or network infrastructure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and subject us or our franchisees to litigation or to actions by regulatory authorities.


 among other things
 misappropriate our proprietary information and the personal information of our customers and employees
 cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our franchisee&rsquo;s operations
 cause delays or interruptions to our ability to operate
 cause us to breach our legal
 regulatory or contractual obligations
 create an inability to access or rely upon critical business records or cause other disruptions in our operations. These breaches may result from human errors
 equipment failure
 or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties.


 electronic
 and cyber security breaches. As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally not recognized until launched against a target
 regardless of our expenditures and protection efforts
 we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or
 if and when implemented
 these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits
 loss of existing or potential future customers
 harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results.


 such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws
 we may be liable for damages
 fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data. Further
 the regulatory framework around data custody
 data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss.


 upgrade and develop our information technology capabilities
 including our point-of-sale systems
 as well as the adoption of cloud services for e-mail
 intranet
 and file storage. If we are unable to successfully upgrade or expand our technological capabilities
 we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities
 manage our costs and transactional data effectively
 satisfy customer requirements
 execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures. Additionally
 unforeseen problems with our point-of-sale system may affect our operational abilities and internal controls and we may incur additional costs in connection with such upgrades and expansion.








 our Business Partners
ata
We Could Be Exposed to Data Loss
 Litigation
 Liability and Reputational Damage


 we and our franchisees transmit confidential credit and debit card information by way of secure private retail networks. A number of retailers have experienced actual or potential security breaches in which credit and debit card information may have been stolen. Although we and our franchisees use private networks
 third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales
 and our and our franchisees&rsquo; security measures and those of our and our franchisees&rsquo; technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. If a person were able to circumvent these security measures
 he or she could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our and our franchisees&rsquo; operations. Any security breach could expose us and our franchisees to risks of data loss and liability and could seriously disrupt our and our franchisees&rsquo; operations and any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation. We may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to these types of incidents. Proceedings related to theft of credit and debit card information may be brought by payment card providers
 banks
 and credit unions that issue cards
 cardholders (either individually or as part of a class action lawsuit)
 and federal and state regulators. Any such proceedings could harm our reputation
 distract our management team members from running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned liabilities
 losses and expenses.


 and our customer loyalty program provides rewards that can be redeemed for purchases. Like credit and debit cards
 gift cards
 and rewards earned by our customers are vulnerable to theft
 whether physical or electronic. We believe that
 due to their electronic nature
 rewards earned through our customer loyalty program are primarily vulnerable to hacking. Customers affected by any loss of data or funds could litigate against us
 and security breaches or even unsuccessful attempts at hacking could harm our reputation
 and guarding against or responding to hacks could require significant time and resources.


 including information received through our marketing programs
 franchisees and business partners. The use of this information by us is regulated at the federal and state levels. If our security and information systems are compromised or our employees fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately
 it could adversely affect our reputation
 as well as the results of operations
 and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition
 our ability to accept credit and debit cards as payment in our stores and online depends on us maintaining our compliance status with standards set by the PCI Security Standards Council. These standards
 set by a consortium of the major credit card companies
 require certain levels of system security and procedures to protect our customers&rsquo; credit and debit card information as well as other personal information. Privacy and information security laws and regulations change over time
 and compliance with those changes may result in cost increases due to necessary system and process changes.


 


 we are called upon to defend ourselves against lawsuits relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation
 we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome in any current or future legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business
 and financial results. In addition
 any significant litigation in the future
 regardless of its merits
 could divert management&#39;s attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management&#39;s attention and resources that are needed to successfully run our business.




 2019 and February 28
 2018 was $140
000 and $158
000
 respectively.




 and we will need to build brand awareness in those markets through significant investments in advertising and promotional activity.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may find it more difficult in our markets to secure desirable locations and to hire
 motivate and keep qualified employees.







Issues Or Concerns Related To The Quality And Safety Of Our Products
 Ingredients Or Packaging Could Cause A Product Recall And/Or Result In Harm To The Company&rsquo;s Reputation
 Negatively Impacting O


 we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers and consumers. Issues related to the quality and safety of our products
 ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our Company&rsquo;s image and reputation. Negative publicity related to these types of concerns
 or related to product contamination or product tampering
 whether valid or not
 could decrease demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. We may need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption. In addition
 we could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions
 which could result in payments of fines or damages. Costs associated with these potential actions could negatively affect our results of operations.

Disruption To Our Manufacturing Operations Or Supply Chain Could Impair Our Ability To Produce Or Deliver Finished Products
 Resulting In A Negative Impact On Our Results of Operations.


 Colorado. Disruption to our manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from a number of factors
 including: natural disaster
 pandemic outbreak of disease
 weather
 fire or explosion
 terrorism or other acts of violence
 labor strikes or other labor activities
 unavailability of raw or packaging materials
 and operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers and other vendors or service providers. We believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions. We have strategies and plans in place to manage disruptive events if they were to occur. However
 if we are unable
 or find that it is not financially feasible
 to effectively plan for or mitigate the potential impacts of such disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain
 our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.

If We Face Labor Shortages or Increased Labor Costs
 our Results of Operations and our Growth Could Be Adversely Affected.


 higher employee turnover rates
 or increases in the federally-mandated or state-mandated minimum wage
 change in exempt and non-exempt status
 or other employee benefits costs (including costs associated with health insurance coverage or workers&rsquo; compensation insurance)
 operating expenses could increase and our growth could be adversely affected.


 2009. Federally-mandated
 state-mandated or locally-mandated minimum wages may be raised in the future. As of the date hereof
 many states and the District of Columbia have set a minimum wage level higher than the federal minimum wage
 including Colorado
 where we employ the majority of our employees and minimum wage as of the date hereof is $11.10. We may be unable to increase our prices in order to pass future increased labor costs on to our customers
 in which case our margins would be negatively affected.

cquisitions
 


 we may evaluate potential acquisitions
 divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic objectives. The success of such activity depends
 in part
 upon our ability to identify suitable buyers
 sellers or business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and
 if applicable
 obtain government approval. These activities may present certain financial
 managerial
 staffing and talent
 and operational risks
 including diversion of management&rsquo;s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions
 divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed
 there could be a negative impact on our results of operations.

he Company
 


 2015
 we reorganized to create a holding company structure and the new holding company is organized in the State of Delaware. Our new certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions will:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 which is preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede a takeover attempt and that the Board of Directors can create and issue without prior stockholder approval;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 unless either minimum price criteria and procedural requirements are met
 or the transaction is approved by a majority of our &ldquo;continuing directors&rdquo; (known as &ldquo;fair price provisions&rdquo;).











 these provisions will apply even if an initial offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and therefore could delay and/or prevent a deemed beneficial offer from being considered. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions
 which may prevent a change of control or changes in our management that a stockholder might consider favorable. In addition
 Section&nbsp;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage
 delay
 or prevent a change in control of us. Any delay or prevention of a change of control or change in management that stockholders might otherwise consider to be favorable could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.




 which are outside our control
 may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly
 including those described elsewhere in this &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section and this Annual Report
 as well as the following:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 other public announcements and filings with the SEC;





		
			

			



 and the trading volume of our common stock;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 or lack thereof
 in pursuing our growth strategy;





		
			

			



 such as acquisitions or restructurings;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 policies
 guidance
 interpretations or principles;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 exchanges or sales
 or expected issuances
 exchanges or sales of our capital stock;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets
 including those resulting from natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 acts of war and responses to such events.





 volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their common stock at or above the price they paid for such shares. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. In addition
 price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. As a result
 you may suffer a loss on your investment.




 the payment of future dividends on our common stock will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 and on such other factors as our Board of Directors may in its discretion consider relevant and in the best long-term interest of stockholders. Additionally
 any change in the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. For additional information on our payments of dividends
 see &quot;Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities&mdash;Dividends&quot; under Part II of this Annual Report.














000 square foot manufacturing facility
 which we own
 in Durango
 Colorado. During FY 2019
 our factory produced approximately 2.19 million pounds of chocolate candies
 which was a decrease of approximately 13.9% from the approximately 2.55 million pounds produced in FY 2018. During FY 2008
 we conducted a study of factory capacity. As a result of this study
 we believe the factory has the capacity to produce approximately 5.3 million pounds per year
 subject to certain assumptions about product mix. In January 1998
 we acquired a two-acre parcel adjacent to our factory to ensure the availability of adequate space to expand the factory as volume demands.


 Durango
 Colorado 81303.


 2019
 the Company had obligations for three non-cancelable leases of five to ten years for Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory Company-owned stores having varying expiration dates from July 2019 to January 2026
 some of which contain optional five or ten-year renewal rights. We do not deem any individual store lease to be significant in relation to our overall operations.


600 to 3
000 square feet and have varying expiration dates from August 2019 to September 2024
 some of which contain optional five or 10-year renewal rights. We currently have five caf&eacute; leases in place
 which range between $3
500 and $8
100 per month
 exclusive of common area maintenance charges and taxes.


 see Note 5 &ldquo;Commitments and Contingencies&rdquo; to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report.




 results of operations or cash flows.













ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES








 2019
 there were approximately 300 record holders of our common stock. We believe that there are more than 800 beneficial owners of our common stock.




 2019 to stockholders of record on March 5
 2019. Future declarations of dividends will depend on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 cash flows and capital requirements
 and on such other factors as the Board of Directors may in its discretion consider relevant and in the best long-term interest of stockholders. We are subject to various financial covenants related to our line of credit and other long-term debt
 however
 those covenants do not restrict the Board of Director&rsquo;s discretion of the future declaration of cash dividends.




 2014
 the Company publicly announced a plan to purchase up to $3.0 million of its common stock in the open market or in private transactions
 whenever deemed appropriate by management. On January 13
 2015
 the Company announced a plan to purchase up to an additional $2
058
000 of its common stock under the repurchase plan
 and on May 21
 2015
 the Company announced a further increase to the repurchase plan by authorizing the purchase of up to an additional $2
090
000 of its common stock under the repurchase plan. The Company did not repurchase any common stock under the repurchase plan during FY 2019. As of February 28
 2019
 approximately $638
000 remains available under the repurchase plan for further stock repurchases.










 2015 through 2019
 are derived from the consolidated financial statements of the Company
 which have been audited by Plante &amp; Moran
 PLLC
 our independent registered public accounting firm during the fiscal year ended February 28
 2019 or EKS&amp;H LLLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 2015 through 2018. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report and in Item 7. &ldquo;Management&#39;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; below.




 except per share data)



			
			




			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 assuming dilution

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			











The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto
 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information
 the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo; Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 particularly in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;




 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its subsidiaries (including its operating subsidiary with the same name
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;RMCF&rdquo;) (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) is an international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in 1981
 we are headquartered in Durango
 Colorado and manufacture an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. Our wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;)
 franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt stores. Our revenues and profitability are derived principally from our franchised/license system of retail stores that feature chocolate
 frozen yogurt and other confectionary products. We also sell our candy in selected locations outside of our system of retail stores and license the use of our brand with certain consumer products. As of March 31
 2019
 there were two Company-owned
 90 licensee-owned and 245 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores operating in 37 states
 Canada
 South Korea
 Panama
 and the Philippines. As of March 31
 2019
 U-Swirl operated four Company-owned stores and 68 franchised and 30 licensed stores located in 26 states and Qatar. U-Swirl operates self-serve frozen yogurt cafes under the names &ldquo;U-Swirl
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s Yo!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&rdquo;.




 though we do not believe that the challenges have fully reversed. The economic recovery has had a less positive impact upon retail as consumers shift shopping to online. Locations that have historically been favorable locations for our franchisees
 such as regional malls and outlet centers
 have continued to struggle in the current environment. As a result
 we intend to continue to focus on managing the business in a seasoned
 disciplined and controlled manner.


 international development
 sale of our products to specialty markets
 licensing the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory brand for use with other appropriate consumer products
 and selected entry of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory branded products into other wholesale channels
 along with business acquisitions as primary drivers of growth. This is a trend that continued in FY 2019 and we expect to continue into the foreseeable future.


 we are taking a conservative view of market conditions in the United States. We intend to continue to focus on our long-term objectives while seeking to maintain flexibility to respond to market conditions
 including the pursuit of international growth opportunities to reduce our dependence on the domestic economy.


 which have traditionally been located in resort or tourist locations
 and the nature of the products we sell
 which are highly seasonal. As we expanded our geographical diversity to include regional centers and our franchise offerings to include frozen desserts
 we have seen some moderation to our seasonal sales mix. Seasonal fluctuation in sales causes fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. Historically
 the strongest sales of our products have occurred during key holidays and summer vacation seasons. Additionally
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and sales of franchises. Because of the seasonality of our business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.


 increased same store sales and increased same store pounds purchased from the factory.




 including new store openings
 competition
 the receptivity of our franchise system to our product introductions and promotional programs. In FY 2019
 same store pounds purchased from the factory by franchised and co-branded licensed stores declined approximately 1.2% in the first quarter
 declined approximately 2.2% in the second quarter
 declined approximately 1.9% in the third quarter
 increased approximately 1.7% in the fourth quarter
 and declined 0.5% overall in FY 2019 as compared to the same periods in FY 2018.








 we announced the expansion of the co-branding test relationship with Cold Stone Creamery. We and Cold Stone Creamery
 Inc. have agreed to expand the co-branding relationship to more than a hundred potential locations
 based upon the performance of several test locations
 operating under the test agreement announced in October 2008. We have additionally agreed to develop co-branded locations through U-Swirl and their associated brands. We believe that if this co-branding strategy continues to prove financially viable it could represent a significant future growth opportunity. As of February 28
 2019
 Cold Stone licensees operated 91 co-branded locations
 our U-Swirl franchisees operated 9 co-branded locations and we have co-branded 3 of our Company-owned caf&eacute;s.


 we announced our intent to pursue growth through international licensing. Since 2012
 we have continued to develop internationally through the execution of license agreements in the countries of South Korea
 the Republic of Panama
 Vietnam
 and the Republic of the Philippines. Through our U-Swirl subsidiary we have additional international development agreements covering Canada and Qatar.













			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			




			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			






 partially offset by a 1.0% increase in shipments to our network of franchised and licensed stores. The decrease in shipments of product to customers outside our network of franchised and licensed stores was primarily the result of a decrease in purchases by the Company&rsquo;s largest customer during FY 2019
 with revenue from such customer decreasing to approximately $3.1 million
 or 9.1%
 of the Company&rsquo;s revenues during FY 2019
 compared to $5.1 million
 or 13.4% of the Company&rsquo;s revenues during FY 2018 for this same customer. Same-store pounds purchased by franchise and co-branded license locations decreased 0.5% during FY 2019 compared with FY 2018.





Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


000 in international license fees being recognized during FY 2018 with no comparable fees recognized during FY 2019.













			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 factory gross margin and other performance measures calculated in conformity with GAAP. We believe that adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin are useful to investors because they provide a measure of operating performance and our ability to generate cash that is unaffected by non-cash accounting measures. Additionally
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin rather than gross margin and factory gross margin to make incremental pricing decisions. Adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin have limitations as analytical tools because they exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization expense and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for any measure reported under GAAP. Our use of capital assets makes depreciation and amortization expense a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate income. Due to these limitations
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin as measures of performance only in conjunction with GAAP measures of performance such as gross margin and factory gross margin.














 franchise costs increased to 28.4% during FY 2019 from 26.5% during FY 2018. This increase as a percentage of royalty
 marketing and franchise fees is primarily a result of an 11.7% decrease in total royalty and marketing fees and franchise fee revenue during FY 2019 compared to FY 2018.








 the result of resolving legal proceedings
 and lower compensation costs. During FY 2019
 approximately $103
000 of U-Swirl general and administrative costs were consolidated within our results
 compared with approximately $307
000 during FY 2018. As a percentage of total revenues
 general and administrative expenses decreased to 9.9% in FY 2019 compared to 10.3% in FY 2018.




 resulting from the sale of certain Company-owned units and the closure of a certain underperforming Company-owned location
 offset by the acquisition of a franchised location. Retail operating expenses
 as a percentage of retail sales
 decreased to 57.2% during FY 2019 from 58.1% during FY 2018. This is primarily the result of a change in units in operation.




 exclusive of depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales
 was $1
154
000 during FY 2019
 an increase of 45.0% from $796
000 incurred during FY 2018. This increase was the result of a change in management&rsquo;s estimates related to the future value of U-Swirl intangibles and the associated acceleration of amortization expense. During the year ended February 28
 2019 the Company reviewed its estimates of the future economic life of certain intangible assets. As a result of this review
 the Company accelerated the rate of amortization of certain intangible assets to better reflect their expected future value. Depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales increased 6.3% from $523
000 during FY 2018 to $556
000 during FY 2019. This increase was the result of an increase in production assets in service.




300 in FY 2019 compared to net interest expense of $96
700 in FY 2018. This change was the result of lower average outstanding debt from a promissory note entered into in January 2014 to fund business acquisitions by U-Swirl.










000 in FY 2019 compared to an income tax expense of $2
160
000 during FY 2018. As described further in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
 the decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of 21% under the recent Tax Cuts and Jobs Act recognized during FY 2018
 with no comparable revaluation recognized during FY 2019. Additionally
 the decrease in the effective tax rate during FY 2019 compared to 2018 was due to the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of 21% under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act being effective for all of FY 2019 and only two months of FY 2018.



Item 7. &quot;Management&#39;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended February 28
 2018




 2019
 working capital was $9.5 million compared with $7.4 million as of February 28
 2018. The increase in working capital was due primarily to the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 &ldquo;REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;) during FY 2019 and our operating results less the payment of $2.8 million in cash dividends
 $1.4 million in debt repayments and the purchase of $614
000 of property and equipment. We have historically generated excess operating cash flow. We review our working capital needs and projections and when we believe that we have greater working capital than necessary we have historically utilized that excess working capital to repurchase common stock and pay dividends to our stockholders.


 2018 to $5.4 million as of February 28
 2019 as a result of cash flows generated by operating activities being less than cash flows used in financing and investing activities. Our current ratio was 3.0 to 1.0 at February 28
 2019 compared to 1.9 to 1.0 at February 28
 2018. We monitor current and anticipated future levels of cash and cash equivalents in relation to anticipated operating
 financing and investing requirements.


 we had net income of $2.2 million. Operating activities provided cash of $4.0 million
 with the principal adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities being depreciation and amortization of $1.7 million and stock compensation expense of $520
000. During FY 2018
 we had net income of $3.0 million. Operating activities provided cash of $4.8 million
 with the principal adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities being depreciation and amortization of $1.3 million and stock compensation expense of $0.6 million.


 investing activities used cash of $506
000
 primarily due to the purchases of property and equipment of $614
000 the result of investment in factory infrastructure improvements
 partially offset by proceeds received on notes receivable of $102
000. In comparison
 investing activities used cash of $340
000 during FY 2018 primarily due to the purchases of property and equipment of $545
000 the result of investment in factory infrastructure improvements
 partially offset by proceeds received on notes receivable of $231
000.


 the result of lower interest expense.


 of which $5.0 million was available for borrowing (subject to certain borrowing base limitations) as of February 28
 2019. The credit line is secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 except retail store assets. Interest on borrowings is at LIBOR plus 2.25% (4.7% at February 28
 2019). Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At February 28
 2019
 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in September 2019 and the Company believes it is likely to be renewed on terms similar to the current terms.


 2019
 $1.2 million). The promissory note allowed the Company to borrow up to a maximum of $7.0 million to finance business acquisitions and bears interest at a fixed annual rate of 3.75%. This promissory note matures in January 2020. Additionally
 the promissory note is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. As of February 28
 2019
 we were in compliance with all such covenants.








 2019.



			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 the Company anticipates making capital expenditures of approximately $900
000
which will be used to maintain and improve existing factory and administrative infrastructure. The Company believes that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund capital expenditures and working capital requirements for FY 2020. If necessary
 the Company has an available bank line of credit to help meet these requirements.




 some of which contain optional renewal rights. We also lease warehouse facilities to support our manufacturing operations and we lease most of our transportation equipment. We do not deem any individual lease to be significant in relation to our overall operations.


 2019
 we had purchase obligations of approximately $880
000. These purchase obligations primarily consist of contractual obligations for future purchases of commodities for use in our manufacturing.




 insurance and maintenance expenses
 all of which are subject to inflation. Additionally
 the Company&rsquo;s future lease cost for new facilities may include potentially escalating costs of real estate and construction. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to pass on increased costs to its customers.


 and is therefore potentially less than it would be if it were based on current replacement cost. While property and equipment acquired in prior years will ultimately have to be replaced at higher prices
 it is expected that replacement will be a gradual process over many years.




 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses and the related disclosures. Estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 the carrying value of accounts and notes receivable from franchisees
 inventories
 the useful lives of fixed assets
 goodwill
 and other intangible assets
 income taxes
 contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on analyses
 of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


 although not all inclusive.

- In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
 primarily franchisees
 that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. We believe that we have a limited concentration of credit risk primarily because our receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which we ordinarily extend credit
 including
 but not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which we perform our analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future.








000 per year for potential uncollectible accounts over the three-year period ended February 28
 2019. Write-offs of uncollectible accounts net of recoveries averaged approximately $209
500 over the same period. The provision for uncollectible accounts is recognized as general and administrative expense in the Statements of Income. Over the past three years
 the allowances for doubtful notes and accounts have ranged from 10.0% to 10.7% of gross receivables.

 - We recognize revenue on sales of products to franchisees and other customers at the time of delivery. Beginning in FY 2019
 upon adoption of ASC 606
 the Company began recognizing franchise fees and license fees over the term of the associated agreement
 which is generally a period of 10-15 years. Prior to FY 2019
 franchise fee revenue was recognized upon opening of the franchise store
 or upon execution of an international license agreement. We recognize a marketing and promotion fee of one percent (1%) of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and U-Swirl franchised stores&rsquo; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. The Company recognizes no royalty on franchised stores&rsquo; retail sales of products purchased from the Company and recognizes a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of product sold at franchise locations. Royalty fees for U-Swirl caf&eacute;s are based on the rate defined in the acquired contracts for the franchise rights and range from 2.5% to 6% of gross retail sales. Rebates received from purveyors that supply products to our franchisees are included in franchise royalties and fees. Product rebates are recognized in the period in which they are earned. Rebates related to Company-owned locations are offset against operating costs.

- Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are reduced by an allowance for slow-moving
 excess
 discontinued and shelf-life expired inventories. Our estimate for such allowance is based on our review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and demand for our products. Such review encompasses not only potentially perishable inventories but also specialty packaging
 much of it specific to certain holiday seasons. If actual future usage and demand for our products are less favorable than those projected by our review
 inventory reserve adjustments may be required. We closely monitor our inventory
 both perishable and non-perishable
 and related shelf and product lives. Historically we have experienced low levels of obsolete inventory or returns of products that have exceeded their shelf life. Over the three-year period ended February 28
 2019
 the Company recorded expense averaging $228
900 per year for potential inventory losses
 or approximately 1.1% of total cost of sales for that period.

&ndash; The consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. On January 14
 2013 we acquired a controlling interest in U-Swirl. Prior to January 14
 2013
 our consolidated financial statements exclude the financial information of U-Swirl. Beginning on January 14
 2013 and continuing through February 28
 2019
 the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl have been included in our consolidated financial statements. All material inter-Company balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

&ndash; Goodwill consists of the excess of purchase price over the fair market value of acquired assets and liabilities. Effective March 1
 2002
 under ASC Topic 350
 all goodwill with indefinite lives is no longer subject to amortization. ASC Topic 350 requires that an impairment test be conducted annually or in the event of an impairment indicator. We previously entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with acquisitions of SWRL (the &ldquo;SWRL Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. On February 29
 2016
 RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl pledged as collateral on the SWRL Loan Agreement. As of February 29
 2016 U-Swirl had $1
930
529 of Goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. We performed a test of impairment as a result of the change in ownership and the result of our test indicated a full impairment of the U-Swirl goodwill. Our testing and impairment is described in Note 13 to the financial statements.




 as well as those used in the determination of liabilities related to litigation and taxation. Various assumptions and other factors underlie the determination of these significant estimates. The process of determining significant estimates is fact specific and takes into account factors such as historical experience
 current and expected economic conditions
 and product mix. The Company constantly re-evaluates these significant factors and makes adjustments where facts and circumstances dictate. Historically
 actual results have not significantly deviated from those determined using the estimates described above.










 the Company is exposed to some commodity price and interest rate risks.


 the Company may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract. As of February 28
 2019
 based on future contractual obligations for chocolate products
 we estimate that a 10% increase or decrease in the prices of contracted ingredients would result in an $88
000 favorable or unfavorable price benefit or cost resulting from our commodity purchase contracts.


 2019
 no amount was outstanding under the line of credit. We do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk related to this line of credit.


 2019
 $1.2 million was outstanding under this promissory note. We do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk related to this promissory note.














			

			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			













 Inc.




 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of February 28
 2019
 the related consolidated statement of income
 stockholders&#39; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended February 28
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of February 28
 2019 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended February 28
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&rdquo; using the modified retrospective adoption method on March 1
 2018.






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&rdquo; using the modified retrospective adoption method on March 1
 2018.


 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo;
 as described in Note 1 and 17 to the financial statements. In our opinion
 the impacts are appropriate and have been properly disclosed. We were not engaged to audit
 review
 or apply any procedures to the 2018 financial statements of the Company other than with respect to the impacts disclosed and
 accordingly
 we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2018 financial statements taken as a whole.




 PLLC



 Colorado



 2019&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;










 Inc.




 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of February 28
 2018
 the related statements of income
 stockholders&#39; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended February 28
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of February 28
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended February 28
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.







 Colorado



 2018&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;








ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

563

			
			
			

167

			
			
			

876

			



			

			
			

981

			
			
			

906

			
			
			

419

			



			

			
			

545

			
			
			

074

			
			
			

296

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

599

			
			
			

176

			
			
			

735

			



			

			
			

980

			
			
			

097

			
			
			

067

			



			

			
			

210

			
			
			

489

			
			
			

658

			



			

			
			

432

			
			
			

904

			
			
			

005

			



			

			
			

934

			
			
			

389

			
			
			

404

			




 exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of $555
926
 $523
034
 and $447
651
 respectively
 included in cost of sales

			
			

153

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

539

			
			
			

853

			
			
			

771

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

005

			
			
			

220

			
			
			

524

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

955

			
			
			

124

			
			
			

395

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			

160

			
			
			

945

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

238

			
			
			

963

			
			
			

450

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

931

			
			
			

884

			
			
			

843

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

982

			
			
			

980

			
			
			

993

			













ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

384

			
			
			

072

			



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $489
502 and $479
472

			
			

993

			
			
			

897

			




 current portion
 less current portion of the valuation allowance of $0 and $9
000
 respectively

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less reserve for slow moving inventory of $371
147 and $357
706
 respectively

			
			

270

			
			
			

842

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

266

			
			
			

571

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Property and Equipment
 Net

			
			

786

			
			
			

166

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 less current portion and valuation allowance of $0 and $17
500
 respectively

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			

046

			
			
			

046

			




 net

			
			

678

			
			
			

433

			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

169

			
			
			

203

			



			

			
			

222

			
			
			

940

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

176

			
			
			

352

			



			

			
			


			
			
			

647

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			

057

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

735

			
			
			

207

			



Long-Term Debt
 Less Current Maturities

			
			
			
			
			
			

176

			



Contract Liabilities
 Less Current Portion

			
			

096

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $.001 par value per share; 250
000 authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




000 authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




000 shares authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $.001 par value
 46
000
000 shares authorized
 5
957
827 shares and 5
903
436 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

650

			
			
			

131

			



			

			
			

733

			
			
			

419

			



			

			
			

389

			
			
			

556

			



			

			
			

222

			
			
			

940

			













ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 vesting of restricted stock units and other

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			

539

			
			
			

340

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 vesting of restricted stock units and other

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

650

			
			
			

131

			
			
			

539

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

419

			
			
			

283

			
			
			

132

			



			

			
			

238

			
			
			

963

			
			
			

450

			



			

			
			

851

			
			
			

828

			
			
			

806

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

733

			
			
			

419

			
			
			

283

			



			

			
			

389

			
			
			

556

			
			
			

828

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

903

			
			
			

854

			
			
			

839

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 vesting of restricted stock units and other

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

957

			
			
			

903

			
			
			

854

			
















ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

238

			
			
			

963

			
			
			

450

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

709

			
			
			

319

			
			
			

288

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

015

			
			
			

757

			
			
			

321

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

238

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

292

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

352

			
			
			

302

			
			
			

253

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

844

			
			
			

821

			
			
			

804

			



			

			
			

197

			
			
			

124

			
			
			

443

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Period

			
			

072

			
			
			

779

			
			
			

194

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Period

			
			

384

			
			
			

072

			
			
			

779

			












ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES









 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (a Colorado corporation)
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&ldquo;ALY&rdquo;)
 and U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;)
 and its 46%-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (&ldquo;SWRL&rdquo;) (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;).


 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in 1981
 the Company is headquartered in Durango
 Colorado and manufactures an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. U-Swirl franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt caf&eacute;s. The Company also sells its candy in selected locations outside of its system of retail stores and licenses the use of its brand with certain consumer products.


&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s Yo!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&rdquo;.


 frozen yogurt
 and other confectionery products.


 2019:




			
			


 Not Yet
			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







 and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. As described above
 on January 14
 2013
 the Company acquired a controlling interest in SWRL. Prior to January 14
 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements excluded the financial information of SWRL. Beginning on January 14
 2013
 the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of SWRL have been included in these consolidated financial statements. The Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
 Inc. as of February 29
 2016 in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &ldquo;SWRL Loan Agreement&rdquo;). This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of February 29
 2016 and concurrently the Company ceased to have financial control of U-Swirl
 Inc. as of February 29
 2016. As of February 29
 2016
 U-Swirl
 Inc. had no assets. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately $4.9 million at February 28
 2019.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 the Company extends credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future. At February 28
 2019
 the Company had $391
831 of notes receivable outstanding and an allowance for doubtful accounts of $0 associated with these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear interest rates ranging from 4.5% to 6%. The notes mature through November 2023 and approximately $375
000 of notes receivable are secured by the assets financed.




 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on actual differences. This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the recorded value is higher than the market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and future sales potential. Cost is determined using the first-in
 first-out method.




 which range from five to thirty-nine years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements
 whichever is shorter.


 including identifiable intangible assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum
 on an annual basis.




 using current enacted income tax rates and regulations. These differences will result in taxable income or deductions in future years when the reported amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled
 respectively. Considerable judgment is required in determining when these events may occur and whether recovery of an asset
 including the utilization of a net operating loss or other carryforward prior to its expiration
 is more likely than not. Due to historical U-Swirl losses
 prior to FY 2016 the Company established a full valuation allowance on the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets. During FY 2016 the Company took possession of the outstanding equity in U-Swirl. As a result of the Company&rsquo;s ownership increasing to 100%
 the Company began filing consolidated income tax returns in FY 2017. Because of this change
 the Company has recognized the full value of deferred tax assets that had full valuation allowances prior to FY 2016. During the fourth quarter of FY 2017 the Company further evaluated the value of deferred tax assets and determined that the assets are restricted due to a limitation on the deductibility of future losses in accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as a result of the foreclosure transaction. The correction of this immaterial error to the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet is further described in Note 16. The Company&#39;s temporary differences are listed in Note 6.




 and therefore collects all funds from the activation of gift cards and reimburses franchisees for the redemption of gift cards in their stores. A liability for unredeemed gift cards is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the balance sheets.


 and the Company does not charge any service fees. While the Company&rsquo;s franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment
 the Company may determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. The Company has historically accumulated gift card liabilities and has not recognized breakage associated with the gift card liability. The adoption of ASU 2014-09
 &ldquo;REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;) during FY 2019 requires the use of the &ldquo;proportionate&rdquo; method for recognizing breakage
 which the Company has not historically utilized. Upon adoption of ASC 606 the Company began recognizing breakage from gift cards when the gift card is redeemed by the customer or the Company determines the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is remote (&ldquo;gift card breakage&rdquo;). The determination of the gift card breakage rate is based upon Company-specific historical redemption patterns. Accrued gift card liability was $742
289 and $3
057
131 at February 28
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The Company recognized breakage of $139
188 and $0 during FY 2019 and FY 2018
 respectively. See Note 17 to the financial statements for a complete description of the adjustments recorded upon the adoption of ASC 606.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired. Finally
 goodwill arose from business acquisitions
 where the fair value of the consideration given for acquisition exceeded the fair value of the identified assets net of liabilities.


 an impairment loss is recognized. On February 29
 2016 RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl International
 Inc. pledged as collateral on the SWRL Loan Agreement. This was the result of SWRL&rsquo;s inability to repay the SWRL Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of February 29
 2016
 U-Swirl had $1
930
529 of goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. In the fourth quarter of FY 2016
 RMCF performed a test of impairment as a result of the change in ownership and the result of the Company&rsquo;s test indicated a full impairment of the U-Swirl goodwill. The Company&rsquo;s testing and impairment is described in Note 13 to the financial statements.




 CherryBerry
 Fuzzy Peach
 Let&rsquo;s Yo! and Yogli Mogli. Franchise rights are amortized over a period of 20 years.




 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&rsquo; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate
 the estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.




 without any bargain sales of equipment or supplies. Sales of products at retail stores are recognized at the time of sale.












 upon adoption of adoption of ASC 606
 the Company began recognizing franchise fees over the term of the associated franchise agreement
 which is generally a period of 10 to 15 years. Prior to FY 2019
 franchise fee revenue was recognized upon opening of the franchise store. In addition to the initial franchise fee
 the Company also recognizes a marketing and promotion fee of one percent (1%) of franchised stores&rsquo; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. The Company recognizes no royalty on franchised stores&rsquo; retail sales of products purchased from the Company and recognizes a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of product sold at franchise locations. Royalty fees for U-Swirl caf&eacute;s are based on the rate defined in the acquired contracts for the franchise rights and range from 2.5% to 6% of gross retail sales.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



 the Company is required to pay a portion of franchise fee revenue
 or royalty fees to parties the Company has contracted with to assist in developing and growing a brand. The agreements generally include Development Agents
 or commissioned brokers who are paid a portion of the initial franchise fee
 a portion of the ongoing royalty fees
 or both. When such agreements exist
 the Company reports franchise fee and royalty fee revenues net of the amount paid
 or due
 to the agent/broker.




 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 2019 compared to revenue of approximately $5.1 million or 13% of our total revenues during the year ended February 28
 2018. Our future results may be adversely impacted by further decreases in the purchases of this customer or the loss of this customer entirely.




 2019
 the Company had one stock-based compensation plan
 the Company&rsquo;s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
 for employees and non-employee directors which authorized the granting of stock awards.


772
 $591
839
 and $584
893 related to equity-based compensation expense during the years ended February 28
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Compensation costs related to share-based compensation are generally recognized over the vesting period.


 2017
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2019-09
 which requires recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement. Prior to March 1
 2017 tax benefits or expense resulting from the difference in the compensation cost recognized for stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax expense included in net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended February 28
 2017 was $34
128.


 the Company granted no restricted stock units. There were no stock options granted to employees during FY 2019 or FY 2018. The restricted stock unit grants generally vest 17 to 20% annually over a period of five to six years. The Company recognized $463
795 of consolidated stock-based compensation expense related to grants made in prior years during FY 2019 compared with $532
739 in FY 2018 and $564
473 in FY 2017. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted
 as of February 28
 2019 was $114
183
 which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 0.4 years.


000 fully vested
 unrestricted shares of stock to non-employee directors during the year ended February 28
 2019 compared to no shares issued during the year ended February 28
 2018 and 2
000 issued during the year ended February 28
 2017. In connection with these non-employee director stock issuances
 the Company recognized $24
480
 $0 and $20
420 of stock-based compensation expense during year ended February 28
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


 2018
 the Company issued 5
000 shares of common stock under the Company&rsquo;s equity incentive plan to an independent contractor providing information technology consulting services to the Company. These shares were issued as a part of the compensation for services rendered to the Company by the contractor. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized $59
100 in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended February 28
 2018. During the year ended February 28
 2019
 the Company issued 3
333 shares of common stock under the Company&rsquo;s equity incentive plan to the former Vice President of Creative Services. These shares were issued in consideration of services rendered prior to retirement and based on the number of unvested restricted stock units that were forfeited upon retirement. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized $31
497 in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended February 28
 2019.




 during FY 2017
 no stock options were excluded from diluted shares.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





441
 $355
678
 and $279
698 for the fiscal years ended February 28
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Total advertising expense for U-Swirl and its brands amounted to $168
000
 $222
093
 and $335
771 for the fiscal years ended February 28
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 trade receivables
 payables
 notes payable and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value
 because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments.




 the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) adopted amendments to certain disclosure requirements in Securities Act Release No. 33-10532
 Disclosure Update and Simplification. These amendments eliminate
 modify
 or integrate into other SEC requirements certain disclosure rules. Among the amendments is the requirement to present an analysis of changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity in the interim financial statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The analysis
 which can be presented as a footnote or separate statement
 is required for the current and comparative quarter and year-to-date interim periods. The amendments are effective for all filings made on or after November 5
 2018. In light of the anticipated timing of effectiveness of the amendments and expected proximity of effectiveness to the filing date for most filers&rsquo; quarterly reports
 the SEC&rsquo;s Division of Corporate Finance issued a Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation related to Exchange Act Forms
 (&ldquo;CDI &ndash; Question 105.09&rdquo;)
 that provides transition guidance related to this disclosure requirement. CDI &ndash; Question 105.09 states that the SEC would not object if the filer&rsquo;s first presentation of the changes in shareholders&rsquo; equity is included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter that begins after the effective date of the amendments. As such
 the Company adopted these SEC amendments on November 30
 2018 and will present the analysis of changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity in its interim financial statements in its May 31
 2019 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of these SEC amendments will have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows or stockholders&rsquo; equity.


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. ASU 2016-13 will require immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets
 which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial instruments. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company&#39;s fiscal year beginning March 1
 2020 and subsequent interim periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the Company&#39;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases currently classified as operating leases under ASC 840 &ldquo;Leases.&rdquo; These amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures. These amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will adopt this guidance effective with the three month period ending May 31
 2019 (the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2020). The Company can elect to record a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the beginning of the year of adoption or apply a modified retrospective transition approach. The Company expects that substantially all of its operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and will be recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. The Company anticipates ASU 2016-02 will have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet. The impact of ASU 2016-02 is non-cash in nature
 as such
 it will not affect the Company&rsquo;s cash flows. The cumulative adjustment to be recorded as right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities
 upon adoption
 is expected to be in the range of $3
500
000 to $3
900
000.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;). This guidance
 as amended by subsequent ASUs on the topic
 supersedes current guidance on revenue recognition in ASC 605 &ldquo;Revenue Recognition.&rdquo; ASC 606 provides that revenues are to be recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received for those goods or services. This new standard does not impact the Company&#39;s recognition of revenue from sales of confectionary items to our franchisees and others
 or in Company-owned stores as those sales are recognized at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales taxes and discounts. The standard also did not change the recognition of royalties and marketing fees from franchised or licensed locations
 which are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the sales occur. The standard changed the timing in which the Company recognizes initial fees from franchisees and licensees for new franchise locations and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement. The Company&#39;s policy for recognizing initial franchise and renewal fees through February 28
 2018
 was to recognize initial franchise fees upon new store opening and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement upon renewal. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are not distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. Beginning March 1
 2018
 initial franchise fees are being recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the term of the franchise agreement
 which is generally 10 to 15 years.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



 2018
 using the modified retrospective method. This method allows the new standard to be applied retrospectively through a cumulative catch-up adjustment recognized upon adoption. As a result
 comparative information in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. See Note 17 to these financial statements for additional details regarding the adjustments recorded upon adoption of this standard.











			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

612

			
			
			

764

			



			

			
			

983

			
			
			

371

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

270

			
			
			

842

			








 NET






			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

031

			
			
			

905

			



			

			
			

263

			
			
			

686

			



			

			
			


			
			
			

067

			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			

568

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			

197

			
			
			

112

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

411

			
			
			

946

			




 net

			
			

786

			
			
			

166

			












 2019
 the Company had a $5.0 million working capital line of credit from Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A.
 collateralized by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets with the exception of the Company&rsquo;s retail store assets. Draws may be made under the line at 50% of eligible accounts receivable plus 50% of eligible inventories. Interest on borrowings is at LIBOR plus 2.25% (4.7% at February 28
 2019). At February 28
 2019
 $5.0 million was available for borrowings under the line of credit
 subject to borrowing base limitations. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At February 28
 2019
 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in September 2019 and the Company believes it is likely to be renewed on terms similar to current terms. At February 28
 2019 and 2018 there was no amount outstanding under this line of credit.


 2014
 the Company entered into a business loan agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. (the &ldquo;Wells Fargo Loan Agreement&rdquo;) for a $7.0 million long-term line of credit to be used to loan money to SWRL to fund the purchase price of business acquisitions by SWRL (the &ldquo;Wells Fargo Loan&rdquo;). The Company made its first draw of approximately $6.4 million on the Wells Fargo Loan on January 16
 2014 and the first draw was the amount outstanding at February 28
 2014. Interest on the Wells Fargo Loan is at a fixed rate of 3.75% and the maturity date is January 15
 2020. The Wells Fargo Loan may be prepaid without penalty at any time by the Company. The Wells Fargo Loan is collateralized by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets. Additionally
 the Wells Fargo Loan is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. As of February 28
 2019
 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The Wells Fargo Loan Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties
 covenants and acceleration provisions in the event of a default by the Company.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

176

			
			
			

529

			



			

			
			

176

			
			
			

352

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			

176

			



















			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			

493

			





 which the Company then subleases to franchisees
 but the majority of existing locations are leased by the franchisee directly. The Company&rsquo;s current policy is not to act as primary lessee on any further franchised locations
 except in rare instances. At February 28
 2019
 the Company was the primary lessee at four of the Company&rsquo;s 313 domestic franchised stores.


 the Company has leased space for its Company-owned locations that are now occupied by franchisees. When the Company-owned location was sold or transferred
 the store was subleased to the franchisee who is responsible for the monthly rent and other obligations under the lease. The Company&#39;s liability as primary lessee on sublet franchise outlets
 all of which is fully offset by sublease rentals
 is as follows for the years ending February 28 or 29:





			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

030

			
			
			

270

			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 the Company renewed an operating lease for warehouse space in the immediate vicinity of its manufacturing operation. The following is a schedule
 by year
 of future minimum rental payments required under such lease for the years ending February 28 or 29:





			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES








			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			










			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			




			
			
			


			
			
			


			







 the Company may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract. As of February 28
 2019
 the Company was contracted for approximately $880
000 of raw materials under such agreements.











			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			

916

			
			
			

411

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			

136

			
			
			

683

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			

160

			
			
			

945

			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of federal benefit

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

369

			
			
			

976

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			

066

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			

141

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			






 2019 decreased from the year ended February 28
 2018
 primarily as a result of the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of 21% under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act recognized during the year ended February 28
 2018 and the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of 21% under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act effective for the year ended February 28
 2019. The revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted in income tax expense of approximately $421
000 recognized in consideration of the lower enacted rate for the year ended February 28
 2018.


 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations in its major tax jurisdictions for periods before FY 2013. The Company&rsquo;s federal income tax returns have been examined for the years ended February 28
 2015 and 2014 and the examination did not result in any changes to the income tax returns filed for these years. The Company&rsquo;s federal income tax returns are being examined for the years ended February 28 or 29
 2017 and 2016.


 in the appropriate tax jurisdictions
 in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are changed. Management believes that
 with the exception of the deferred tax asset related to restructuring charges
 it is more likely than not that RMCF will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets as of February 28
 2019.


 based on the technical merits of the position. The Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently complex. As such
 the Company is required to make judgments regarding income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax law and regulations change over time and may result in changes to the Company&#39;s judgments which can materially affect amounts recognized in the balance sheets and statements of operations. The result of the assessment of the Company&#39;s tax positions did not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended February 28
 2019 or 2018. The Company does not have any significant unrecognized tax benefits and does not anticipate a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. Amounts are recognized for income tax related interest and penalties as a component of general and administrative expense in the statement of income and are immaterial for years ended February 28
 2019 and 2018.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



 2016
 the Company foreclosed on the outstanding equity of U-Swirl and U-Swirl was consolidated for income tax purposes. SWRL
 along with U-Swirl has historically filed its own consolidated federal income tax return and reported its own Federal net operating loss carry forward. As of February 28
 2015
 SWRL had recorded a full valuation allowance related to the realization of its deferred income tax assets. As of February 29
 2016
 a portion of the U-Swirl deferred tax assets were recognized as a result of it becoming more likely than not that some of these assets would be realized in the future as a result of RMCF and U-Swirl filing a consolidated income tax return.


 deductibility of SWRL&rsquo;s and U-Swirl&rsquo;s Federal net operating loss carryovers may be subject to annual limitation in the event of a change in control. The Company has performed a preliminary evaluation as to whether a change in control has taken place
 and have concluded that there was a change of control with respect to the net operating losses of U-Swirl when the Company acquired its controlling ownership interest in January 2013 and again in February 2016 when the Company foreclosed on the stock of U-Swirl. The initial limitations will continue to limit deductibility of SWRL&rsquo;s and U-Swirl&rsquo;s net operating loss carryovers
 but the annual loss limitation will be deductible to RMCF and U-Swirl International Inc. upon the filing of joint tax returns in FY 2017 and future years.


 limited by section 382
 to be approximately $1
323
000 with a resulting deferred tax asset of approximately $325
000. U-Swirl&rsquo;s Federal net operating loss carryovers will expire at various dates beginning in 2026.









 2018 to stockholders of record on March 6
 2018. The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share of common stock on June 15
 2018 to stockholders of record on June 5
 2018. The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share of common stock on September 14
 2018 to stockholders of record on September 4
 2018. The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share of common stock on December 7
 2018 to stockholders of record on November 23
 2018. The Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share of common stock on February 14
 2019
 which was paid on March 15
 2019 to stockholders of record on March 5
 2019.


 among other things
 the Company&#39;s results of operations
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 and on such other factors as the Company&#39;s Board of Directors may in its discretion consider relevant and in the best long-term interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.




 2014
 the Company publicly announced a plan to repurchase up to $3.0 million of its common stock in the open market or in private transactions
 whenever deemed appropriate by management. On January 13
 2015
 the Company announced a plan to purchase up to an additional $2
058
000 of its common stock under the repurchase plan
 and on May 21
 2015
 the Company announced a further increase to the repurchase plan by authorizing the purchase of up to an additional $2
090
000 of its common stock under the repurchase plan. During FY 2017
 the Company repurchased 35
108 shares under the repurchase plan at an average price of $10.01 per share. The Company did not repurchase any shares during the years ended February 28
 2019 or 2018. As of February 28
 2019
 approximately $638
000 remains available under the repurchase plan for further stock repurchases.







 stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated
 the &ldquo;2007 Plan&rdquo;). The 2007 Plan allows awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units
 and other stock- or cash-based awards.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



 2019:





			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			




 stock options or restricted stock units:

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			





 2019
 and changes for the three years then ended was as follows:




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2019
 and changes for the three years then ended was as follows:




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES








 Inc. Franchising
 Manufacturing
 Retail Stores
 U-Swirl operations and Other. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 to these consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on operating contribution
 which excludes unallocated corporate general and administrative costs and income tax expense or benefit. The Company&rsquo;s reportable segments are strategic businesses that utilize common merchandising
 distribution
 and marketing functions
 as well as common information systems and corporate administration. All inter-segment sales prices are market based. Each segment is managed separately because of the differences in required infrastructure and the differences in products and services:





			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

361

			
			
			

324

			
			
			

272

			
			
			

737

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

695

			



			

			
			


			
			
			

144

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

149

			



			

			
			

356

			
			
			

179

			
			
			

272

			
			
			

737

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

545

			



			

			
			

288

			
			
			

310

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

559

			
			
			

955

			



			

			
			

182

			
			
			

267

			
			
			

001

			
			
			

264

			
			
			

505

			
			
			

222

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

709

			








			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

004

			
			
			

491

			
			
			

876

			
			
			

142

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

514

			



			

			
			


			
			
			

434

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

439

			



			

			
			

000

			
			
			

056

			
			
			

876

			
			
			

142

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

074

			



			

			
			

623

			
			
			

791

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

795

			
			
			

124

			



			

			
			

157

			
			
			

729

			
			
			

134

			
			
			

125

			
			
			

793

			
			
			

940

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

319

			








			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

951

			
			
			

678

			
			
			

710

			
			
			

216

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

556

			



			

			
			


			
			
			

254

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

260

			



			

			
			

945

			
			
			

423

			
			
			

710

			
			
			

216

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

296

			



			

			
			

495

			
			
			

609

			
			
			


			
			
			

017

			
			
			

855

			
			
			

395

			



			

			
			

216

			
			
			

900

			
			
			

101

			
			
			

124

			
			
			

075

			
			
			

418

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

238

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

288

			





 or 9.1 percent
 of the Company&rsquo;s revenues from external customers during the year ended February 28
 2019
 compared to $5.1 million
 or 13.4 percent of the Company&rsquo;s revenues from external customers during the year ended February 28
 2018.












			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			

431

			
			
			

997

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES








 Inc. 401(k) Plan. Eligible participants are permitted to make contributions up to statutory limits. The Company makes a matching contribution
 which vests ratably over a 3-year period
 and is 25% of the employee&rsquo;s contribution up to a maximum of 1.5% of the employee&rsquo;s compensation. During the years ended February 28
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s contribution was approximately $70
000
 $68
000
 and $66
000
 respectively
 to the plan.







 2019 and 2018:



		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

366

			
			
			

800

			
			
			

949

			
			
			

429

			
			
			

545

			



			

			
			

916

			
			
			

852

			
			
			

882

			
			
			

312

			
			
			

964

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

238

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

346

			
			
			

266

			
			
			

961

			
			
			

499

			
			
			

074

			



			

			
			

191

			
			
			

210

			
			
			

311

			
			
			

276

			
			
			

991

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

963

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			














			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

979

			
			
			

300

			
			
			

979

			
			
			

545

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

467

			
			
			

290

			
			
			

467

			
			
			

446

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

099

			
			
			


			
			
			

099

			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

709

			
			
			


			
			
			

709

			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

176

			
			
			

952

			
			
			

176

			
			
			

108

			





 2002
 under ASC Topic 350
 all goodwill with indefinite lives is no longer subject to amortization. Accumulated amortization related to intangible assets not subject to amortization is a result of amortization expense related to indefinite life goodwill incurred prior to March 1
 2002.


320
 $446
050
 and $427
840 during the fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


 2019 the Company reviewed its estimates of the future economic life of certain intangible assets. As a result of this review
 the Company accelerated the rate of amortization of certain intangible assets to better reflect their expected future value. Consistent with the treatment of a change in estimate
 the new rate of amortization of intangible assets will be applied to future periods.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



 2019
 annual amortization of intangible assets
 based upon the Company&rsquo;s existing intangible assets and current useful lives
 is estimated to be the following:





			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			

629

			



			

			
			

177

			










 2019
 2018 and 2017 were comprised of the following:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			












 2019
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors has declared a first quarter FY2020 cash dividend of $0.12 per common share outstanding. The cash dividend will be payable June 14
 2019 to shareholders of record at the close of business June 4
 2019.


 the Company&rsquo;s Compensation Committee awarded 270
000 restricted stock units to eligible employees of the Company. The awards vest over a period of five to six years and have a grant date fair value of $2
536
100. Expense associated with these awards will be recognized over the vesting period.







 the Company identified an immaterial error related to the overstatement of the income tax benefit and related deferred income tax asset accounts that impacted the Company&rsquo;s previously issued annual consolidated financial statements. The adjustment relates to the foreclosure upon the interest in U-Swirl and the realization of U-Swirl deferred tax assets and refundable income taxes.


 amendments of previously filed reports were not required. As such
 a revision for the correction is reflected in the February 28
 2017 financial information of the applicable prior periods in this Form 10-K. The error resulted in corrections to beginning retained earnings
 accrued liabilities and deferred tax assets of $(492
766)
 $192
233 and $(300
533)
 respectively
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of February 28
 2017.





 &ldquo;REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;)


 effective March 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASC 606. ASC 606 provides that revenues are to be recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received for those goods or services. This new standard does not impact the Company&#39;s recognition of revenue from sales of confectionary items to our franchisees and others
 or in our Company-owned stores as those sales are recognized at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales taxes and discounts. The standard also does not change the recognition of royalties and marketing fees from franchised or licensed locations
 which are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the sales occur. The standard does change the timing in which the Company recognizes initial fees from franchisees and licensees for new franchise locations and renewals that affect the term of the franchise agreement.

Initial Franchise Fees
 License Fees
 Transfer Fees 


 2018
 was to recognize initial franchise fees upon new store openings and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement upon renewal. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are not distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. Beginning March 1
 2018
 initial franchise fees are being recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the term of the franchise agreement
 which is generally 10-15 years.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 or non-usage fees. The proceeds from the sale of gift cards by the franchisees are accumulated by the Company and paid out to the franchisees upon customer redemption. The Company has historically accumulated gift card liabilities and has not recognized breakage associated with the gift card liability. The adoption of ASC 606 requires the use of the &ldquo;proportionate&rdquo; method for recognizing breakage
 which the Company has not historically utilized. Upon adoption of ASC 606 the Company began recognizing breakage from gift cards when the gift card is redeemed by the customer or the Company determines the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is remote (&ldquo;gift card breakage&rdquo;). The determination of the gift card breakage rate is based upon Company-specific historical redemption patterns.




022
720
 a reduction in gift card liability of $2
250
743 and approximately $302
094 of associated adjustments to the deferred tax balances which are recorded in deferred income taxes. The Company did not record any contract assets. The following table outlines the adjustments to the consolidated financial statements made upon adoption of ASC 606 on March 1
 2018:




			
			

			

			



			

			
			

022

			



			

			
			

250

			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			





 2018
 using the modified retrospective method. This method allows the new standard to be applied retrospectively through a cumulative catch up adjustment recognized upon adoption. As a result
 comparative information in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods.








 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

072

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

072

			




 net

			
			

897

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

897

			




 current portion
 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 net

			
			

842

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

842

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

571

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

571

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Net

			
			

166

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

166

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 less current portion
 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 net

			
			

046

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

046

			




 net

			
			

433

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

433

			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

203

			
			
			


			
			
			

900

			



			

			
			

940

			
			
			


			
			
			

638

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

352

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

352

			



			

			
			

647

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

647

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

057

			
			
			

250

			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

207

			
			
			

394

			
			
			

813

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Less Current Maturities

			
			

176

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

176

			




 Less Current Portion

			
			
			
			
			
			

166

			
			
			

166

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

131

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

131

			



			

			
			

419

			
			
			


			
			
			

345

			



			

			
			

556

			
			
			


			
			
			

482

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

940

			
			
			


			
			
			

638

			











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 2019
 annual revenue expected to be recognized in the future
 related to performance obligations that are not yet fully satisfied
 are estimated to be the following:





			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			

352

			
















 2019

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			








			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			

179

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

179

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

272

			
			
			

112

			
			
			

384

			



			

			
			

156

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

489

			
			
			

646

			



			

			
			

356

			
			
			

179

			
			
			

272

			
			
			

737

			
			
			

545

			




















Because of their inherent limitations
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting (collectively
 &ldquo;Control Systems&rdquo;) may not prevent or detect all failures or misstatements of the type sought to be avoided by Control Systems. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s Control Systems to future periods are subject to the risk that such controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management
 including the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (the &ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) and Chief Financial Officer (the &ldquo;CFO&rdquo;)
 does not expect that the Company&rsquo;s Control Systems will prevent all errors or all fraud. A Control System
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the Control System are met. Further
 the design of a Control System must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all Control Systems
 no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These reports by management
 including the CEO and CFO
 on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s Control Systems express only reasonable assurance of the conclusions reached.

 &mdash; The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
 that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the officers who certify the Company&rsquo;s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&rsquo;s reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
 are recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 under the supervision and with the participation of the CEO and CFO
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 as of February 28
 2019
 of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation
 the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of February 28
 2019.

 &mdash; Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under supervision of the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management
 with the participation of the CEO and CFO
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 as of February 28
 2018
 of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. In making this evaluation
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its publication Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation
 management has concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 28
 2019.

 &mdash;There were no changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended February 28
 2019 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.














ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2019.




 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2019.




 the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2019.




 as of February 28
 2019
 which consists solely of the Company&rsquo;s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.




			


			
			
outstanding options
 warrants
			


			
price of outstanding options

			


			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			


			


			




			



002


			
			



790




			


			
			


			
			


			
			




			



002


			



790





 2019 consist of 25
002 unvested restricted stock units. The weighted-average exercise price is calculated solely with respect to the outstanding stock options.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units
 and other stock- and cash-based awards.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2019.




 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2019.









ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



			

			

			
			







			

			

			
			






			

			


		
			
			



			


			




			

			



			

			



			

			



			

			



			


			






			
			
			
			












			

			
			


			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			





 2019

			
			
			
			



			



972



214



684



502



			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			
			
			



			



093



868



989



972



			
			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			
			
			



			



471



125



503



093















			

			

			
			





 or incorporated by reference
 in this Annual Report.



			

			

			
			

			

			
			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 Par Value $0.001 Per Share
 of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
Master License Agreement
 dated August 17
 2009
 between Kahala Franchise Corp. and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
			




			
			
			
			
			



			

			
Revolving Line of Credit Note
 dated September 13
 2017
 between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
			




			
			
			
			
			



			

			
Business Loan Agreement
 dated August 2
 2013
 between Wells Fargo Bank and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
			




			
			
			
			
			



			

			
Business Loan Agreement
 dated December 27
 2013
 between Wells Fargo Bank and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
Master License Agreement
 dated April 27
 2012
 between RMCF Asia
 Ltd. and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
			














			

			

			
			

			

			
			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Voting Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 among U-Swirl
 Inc.
 Henry Cartwright
 Ulderico Conte
 Terry Cartwright
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
 and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Second Restated Employment Agreement
 dated February 26
 2019
 between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and Bryan J. Merryman.

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Retirement Separation and General Release Agreement
 dated February 26
 2019
 between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and Franklin E. Crail.

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			


			



			
			



			


			


















 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


		

			



 INC.

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		


 2019&nbsp;

			
			

			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			



 Chief


			

			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			





 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


		
			
			
			
			
			

		


			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		


			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		


			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		


			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		


			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			

















	
	








 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is incorporated in the State of Delaware. The rights of stockholders of the Company are generally be governed by Delaware law and the Company&rsquo;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the &ldquo;certificate of incorporation&rdquo;)
 certificate of designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;certificate of designations&rdquo;) and amended and restated bylaws (the &ldquo;bylaws&rdquo;). The following is a summary of the material provisions of the certificate of incorporation
 certificate of designations and bylaws. This summary is not complete and is qualified by reference to Delaware statutory and common law and the full texts of the certificate of incorporation
 certificate of designations and bylaws
 copies of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).




000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 and 250
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share.




 holders of a majority of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all directors. Subject to preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock
 the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends the Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. If the Company is liquidated
 dissolved or wound up
 the holders of common stock are entitled to share pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of
 or provision for
 the Company&rsquo;s liabilities and liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no pre-emptive rights or rights to convert their common stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.




 without further action by the stockholders
 to issue up to 250
000 shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series
 of which 50
000 shares of preferred stock have been designated as &ldquo;Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock&rdquo; as described below. The Board of Directors also has the authority to fix the designations
 voting powers
 preferences
 privileges
 rights and limitations of any series of preferred stock
 including dividend rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 terms of redemption and liquidation preferences
 any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the common stock. The Board of Directors
 without stockholder approval
 can issue preferred stock with voting
 conversion or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock may decrease the market price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.




 preferences and privileges of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company (the &ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;) are set forth in the certificate of designations.


 subject to the rights of holders of any shares of any series of preferred stock or other class of capital stock ranking prior and superior
 the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive
 when
 as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of the assets of the Company legally available therefor
 (i) quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of each fiscal quarter in each year
 commencing on the first dividend payment date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock
 in an amount of $0.01 per share less amount of all cash dividends declared on the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the following clause (ii) since the immediately preceding dividend payment date or
 with respect to the first dividend payment date
 since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock
 and (ii) dividends payable in cash on the payment date for each cash dividend declared on the common stock in an amount per share equal to 1
000 (as adjusted
 the &ldquo;Formula Number&rdquo;) multiplied times the cash dividends then to be paid on each share of common stock. In addition
 if the Company shall pay any dividend or make any distribution on the common stock payable in assets
 securities or other forms of non-cash consideration (other than dividends or distributions solely in shares of common stock)
 then
 in each such case
 the Company shall simultaneously pay or make on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock a dividend or distribution in like kind equal to the Formula Number then in effect multiplied times such dividend or distribution on each share of the common stock.








 holders of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of common stock generally vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to certain voting rights with respect to directors of the Company if the payment of six quarterly dividends are in default.


 the Series A Preferred Stock rank junior to any other series of preferred stock as to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets on liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 and rank senior to the common stock.


 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 no distributions shall be made to holders of shares ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock unless
 prior thereto
 the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions
 whether or not declared
 to the date of such payment
 plus an amount equal to the greater of (1) $1.00 per share or (2) an aggregate amount per share equal to the Formula Amount multiplied by the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of common stock or to the holders of shares ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock
 except distributions made ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all other such parity shares in proportion to the total amount to which the holders of all such shares are entitled upon such liquidation
 dissolution or winding up.


 merger
 combination or other transaction in which shares of common stock are exchanged for or changed into cash
 other securities and/or any other property
 then any Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share equal to Formula Amount multiplied by the aggregate amount of cash
 securities and/or other property
 as the case may be
 into which or for which each share of common stock is changed or exchanged.


 provided that the Company may purchase or otherwise acquire outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the open market or by offer to any holder or holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be subject to or entitled to the operation of a retirement or sinking fund.




 2015
 the Company and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A. (the &ldquo;Rights Agent&rdquo;)
 entered into a Rights Agreement (the &ldquo;Rights Agreement&rdquo;). The following summary of the principal terms of the Rights Agreement is a general description only. It does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement
 a copy of which has been filed with the SEC.


 2015
 the Board of Directors authorized and declared a dividend of one Right (a &ldquo;Right&rdquo;) for each outstanding share of common stock. The dividend was paid on March 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;) to the holders of record of common stock at the close of business on that date. In addition
 the Company has authorized the issuance of one Right with respect to each share of common stock that shall become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest of the Distribution Date
 the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as such terms are hereinafter defined). When exercisable
 each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 of the Company (the &ldquo;Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 at a price of $30 per one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Purchase Price&rdquo;)
 subject to adjustment.








 or first public announcement of an intention to commence
 a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of affiliated or associated persons of 15 percent or more of the outstanding common stock (the earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the &ldquo;Distribution Date&rdquo;)
 the Rights will be evidenced
 with respect to any of the common stock certificates outstanding as of the Record Date
 by such common stock certificate with a copy of the Summary of Rights attached thereto. No person who is the beneficial owner of 15 percent or more of the common stock on the date of the Rights Agreement shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person unless and until such person becomes the beneficial owner of any additional common stock and
 immediately after the acquisition of such additional shares
 is the beneficial owner of 15 percent or more of the common stock.


 until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights)
 the&nbsp;Rights will be transferred with and only with the common stock. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights)
 new common stock certificates issued after the Record Date
 upon transfer or new issuance of common stock
 will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights)
 the surrender for transfer of any certificates for common stock outstanding on or after the Record Date
 even without such notation or a copy of the Summary of Rights being attached thereto
 will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the common stock represented by such certificate. As soon as practicable following the Distribution Date
 separate certificates evidencing the Rights (the &ldquo;Right Certificates&rdquo;) will be mailed to holders of record of the common stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.


 2025 (the &ldquo;Final Expiration Date&rdquo;)
 unless the Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company
 in each case
 as described below.


 and the number of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable
 upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on
 or a subdivision
 combination or reclassification of
 the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock at a price
 or securities convertible into Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock with a conversion price
 less than the then current market price of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of earnings or retained earnings or dividends payable in Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).


 consolidations or combinations of the common stock occurring
 in any such case
 prior to the Distribution Date.








000 multiplied times the dividend declared per share of common stock. In the event of liquidation
 the holder of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock will be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment of $1.00 per share but will be entitled to an aggregate payment of 1
000 multiplied times the payment made per share of common stock. Each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock will have 1
000 votes
 voting together with the common stock. Finally
 in the event of any merger
 consolidation or other transaction in which shares of common stock are exchanged
 each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive 1
000 multiplied times the amount received per share of common stock. These rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.


 liquidation and voting rights
 the value of the one one-hundredth interest in a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the value of one share of common stock.


 proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right
 other than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter be null and void and nontransferable)
 will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise that number of shares of common stock having a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right. In the event that the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50 percent or more of its consolidated assets or earning power are sold after a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has become an Acquiring Person
 proper provision will be made so that each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive
 upon the exercise thereof at the then current exercise price of the Right
 that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company which at the time of such transaction will have a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right.


 the Board of Directors may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which will have become null and void and nontransferable)
 in whole or in part
 at an exchange ratio of one share of common stock
 or one one-hundredth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (or of a share of a class or series of the Company&rsquo;s preferred stock having equivalent rights
 preferences and privileges)
 per Right (subject to adjustment).


 no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least one percent in such Purchase Price. The Company may
 but shall not be required to
 issue fractions of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (other than one one-hundredth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock or any integral multiple thereof
 which may
 at the election of the Company
 be evidenced by depositary receipts) and in lieu thereof
 an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock on the last trading day prior to the date of exercise.


 the Board of Directors may redeem the Rights in whole
 but not in part
 at a price of $0.01 per Right (the &ldquo;Redemption Price&rdquo;). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time
 on such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish. The time at which the Rights are redeemed by the Company is herein referred to as the &ldquo;Redemption Date.&rdquo; Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights
 the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.


 the terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of Directors without the consent of the holders of the Rights
 including without limitation an amendment to lower certain thresholds described above to not less than the greater of (i) the sum of 0.001 percent and the largest percentage of the outstanding shares of common stock then known by the Company to be beneficially owned by any person or group of affiliated or associated persons and (ii) 10 percent. From and after the Distribution Date and subject to applicable law
 the terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights to
 among other things
 make any other provisions in regard to matters under the Rights Agreement that the Company may deem necessary or desirable and that shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights (other than an Acquiring Person or an affiliate or associate of an Acquiring Person). The terms of the Rights may not be amended to (i) reduce the Redemption Price (except as required by antidilution provisions) or (ii) provide for an earlier Final Expiration Date.








 the holder thereof
 as such
 will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company
 including
 without limitation
 the right to vote or to receive dividends.


 with respect to the payment of dividends and as to distributions of assets upon liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 junior to all other series of preferred stock of the Company
 unless the Board of Directors of the Company shall specifically determine otherwise in fixing the powers
 preferences and relative
 participating
 optional and other special rights of the shares of any such other series and the qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof.


 2015
 there were&nbsp;6
022
031 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 and an aggregate of an additional&nbsp;315
653 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Company&rsquo;s equity plans. One Right was distributed to holders of common stock for each share of common stock owned of record by them on March 1
 2015. One Right will be issued with respect to each share of common stock that shall become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest of the Distribution Date
 the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date. In certain circumstances
 the Company may issue Rights with respect to shares of common stock issued following the Distribution Date and prior to the earlier of the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date. The Board of Directors initially reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Rights 50
000 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 which number is subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the Rights Agreement.


 including a gradual accumulation of shares in the open market of 15% or greater position to be followed by a merger or a partial or two-tier tender offer that does not treat all stockholders equally. These tactics unfairly pressure stockholders
 squeeze them out of their investment without giving them any real choice and deprive them of the full value of their shares.


 the Rights may be redeemed by the Company at $0.01 per Right at any time prior to the Distribution Date. Accordingly
 the Rights should not interfere with any merger or business combination approved by the Board of Directors.


 the Rights may have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging an acquisition of the Company deemed undesirable by the Board of Directors. The Rights may cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company on terms or in a manner not approved by the Board of Directors
 except pursuant to an offer conditioned upon the negation
 purchase or redemption of the Rights.


 will not affect reported earnings per share
 should not be taxable to the Company or to its stockholders
 and will not change the way in which the Company&rsquo;s shares are presently traded. The Board of Directors believes that the Rights represent a sound and reasonable means of addressing the complex issues of corporate policy created by the current takeover environment.














 a stockholder is not entitled to pre-emptive rights to subscribe for additional issuances of common stock or any other class of series of common stock or any security convertible into such stock in proportion to the shares that are owned unless there is a provision to the contrary in the certificate of incorporation. The certificate of incorporation does not provide that stockholders are entitled to pre-emptive rights.

 Certificate of Incorporation
 


 the bylaws and Delaware law could have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring the Company
 even if the acquisition would benefit stockholders. These provisions may delay
 defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt of the Company that a stockholder might consider in the stockholder&rsquo;s best interest
 including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by its stockholders. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the Board of Directors and in the policies formulated by the Board of Directors and to reduce the Company&rsquo;s vulnerability to an unsolicited proposal for a takeover that does not contemplate the acquisition of all of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares
 or an unsolicited proposal for the Company&rsquo;s restructuring or sale of all or part of its business. See also &ldquo;&mdash;Rights Plan.&rdquo;




 the Board of Directors
 without stockholder approval
 has the authority under the certificate of incorporation to issue preferred stock with rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. As a result
 preferred stock could be issued quickly
 could adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock and could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change of control or make removal of management more difficult. The Company may use the additional authorized shares of common or preferred stock for a variety of corporate purposes
 including future public offerings to raise additional capital
 corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy contest
 tender offer
 merger or other transaction.




 and not by written consent without a meeting. The certificate of incorporation also provides that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by Board of Directors or by the chairman of the Board of Directors.




 or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders
 must provide the Company with timely written notice of their proposal. The bylaws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder&rsquo;s notice. These provisions may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before an annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at an annual meeting of stockholders.










 except with respect to provisions regarding the Board of Directors and stockholder meetings
 which may only be amended upon approval of holders of at least 66-2/3% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting stock. The bylaws may generally be amended by the Board of Directors or by stockholders upon approval of holders of at least 66-2/3% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting stock.




 unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum
 the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i)&nbsp;any derivative action or proceeding brought on the Company&rsquo;s behalf
 (ii)&nbsp;any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
 (iii)&nbsp;any action asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (&ldquo;DGCL&rdquo;)
 the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws or (iv)&nbsp;any action asserting a claim against the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this forum selection provision. Although the Company has included a choice of forum clause in the certificate of incorporation
 it is possible that a court could rule that such clause is inapplicable or unenforceable.




 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 in the event that (i) any current or prior stockholder of the Company or anyone on their behalf (&ldquo;Claiming Party&rdquo;) initiates or asserts any claim or counterclaim (&ldquo;Claim&rdquo;) or joins
 offers substantial assistance to
 or has a direct financial interest in any Claim against the Company and/or any director
 officer
 employee or affiliate
 and (ii) the Claiming Party (or the third party that received substantial assistance from the Claiming Party or in whose Claim the Claiming Party had a direct financial interest) does not obtain a judgment on the merits that substantially achieves
 in substance and amount
 the full remedy sought
 then each Claiming Party shall be obligated jointly and severally to reimburse the Company and any such director
 officer
 employee or affiliate
 the greatest amount permitted by law of all fees
 costs and expenses of every kind and description (including but not limited to
 all reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and other litigation expenses) that the parties may incur in connection with such Claim.


 but is rather potentially applicable to the fullest extent permitted by law. There are several types of remedies that a Claiming Party may seek in connection with an action or proceeding against the Company 
 including declaratory or injunctive relief
 or monetary damages. If a Claiming Party is not successful in obtaining a judgment that achieves in substance
 such as in the case of a Claim for declaratory or injunctive relief
 or amount
 such as in the case of a Claim for monetary damages
 the Company&rsquo;s and its directors&rsquo;
 officers&rsquo;
 employees&rsquo; and affiliates&rsquo; litigation expenses may be shifted to the Claiming Party.


 and potential judicial and legislative responses to
 such bylaws. For example
 it is unclear whether the Company&rsquo;s ability to invoke this fee-shifting bylaw in connection with Claims under the federal securities laws would be pre-empted by federal law. Similarly
 it is unclear how courts might apply the standard that a Claiming Party must obtain a judgment that substantially achieves
 in substance and amount
 the full remedy sought. The application of this fee-shifting bylaw in connection with such Claims
 if any
 will depend in part on future developments of the law. There can be no assurance that the Company will or will not invoke this fee-shifting bylaw in any particular dispute
 including any Claims under federal securities laws.


 the attorneys&rsquo; fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a Claiming Party are potentially significant. This fee-shifting bylaw
 therefore
 may dissuade or discourage current or prior stockholders (and their attorneys) from initiating lawsuits or claims against the Company or its directors
 officers
 employees or affiliates
 including Claims that that may otherwise be in the best interests of stockholders of the Company as a whole.&nbsp; In addition
 it may impact the fees
 contingency or otherwise
 required by potential plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys to represent the Company&rsquo;s stockholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys from representing the Company&rsquo;s stockholders at all. As a result
 this fee-shifting bylaw may limit the ability of stockholders to affect the management and direction of the Company
 particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.










 an anti-takeover law. Subject to exceptions
 the statute prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a &ldquo;business combination&rdquo; with an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo; for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder
 unless:


		
			

			



 the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;





		
			

			



 the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding
 those shares owned by (1)&nbsp;persons who are directors and also officers and (2)&nbsp;employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer); or





		
			

			



 the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and not by written consent
 by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.





 a &ldquo;business combination&rdquo; includes a merger
 asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder
 with an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo; being defined as a person who
 together with affiliates and associates
 owns
 or within three years prior to the date of determination whether the person is an &ldquo;interested stockholder
&rdquo; did own
 15% or more of the corporation&rsquo;s voting stock.




 N.A.
 350 Indiana Street
 Suite 750
 Golden
 Colorado 80401.



















	
	








 dated as of February 26
 2019 is between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Employer&rdquo;)
 and Bryan J. Merryman (&ldquo;Employee&rdquo;).




 and Employer and Employee have entered into a written agreement dated as of May 21
 1999 (the &ldquo;Prior Agreement&rdquo;)
 to specify the terms and conditions of Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer.


 and Employer and Employee desire to replace the Prior Agreement with this Agreement.


 and Employee is a key executive of Employer and an integral member of its management team.


 THEREFORE
 in consideration of Employee&rsquo;s past and future employment with Employer and other good and valuable consideration
 the parties agree as follows:

. Employer hereby employs Employee
 and Employee hereby accepts employment
 upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.

. Employee shall be employed as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 or such other position to which he may be appointed by the Board of Directors. Employee agrees to devote his full time and best efforts to the performance of the duties attendant to his executive position with Employer.

. The initial term of employment of Employee hereunder shall commence on the date of this Agreement (the &ldquo;Commencement Date&rdquo;) and continue until the first anniversary of the Commencement Date
 unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 6 or Section 10. The term of employment of Employee hereunder will be automatically extended on a month-to-month basis after the end of the initial term unless either Employer or Employee shall give the other written notice of its election not to renew this Agreement at least 30 days prior to the end of the initial one-year term or at least 20 days prior to the end of any calendar month thereafter.

. In consideration for the services of Employee hereunder
 Employer shall compensate Employee as follows:

. Until the termination of Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder
 Employer shall pay Employee
 semi-monthly in arrears
 a base salary at an annual rate of not less than $355
000 (as it may be increased from time to time
 the &ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo;). The Base Salary as then in effect may not be decreased at any time during the term of Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder and shall be reviewed annually by Employer. Any increase in the Base Salary shall be in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.









. Employee shall be entitled to 15 days of paid vacation per year at the reasonable and mutual convenience of Employer and Employee. Unless otherwise approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
 accrued vacation not taken in any calendar year shall not be carried forward or used in any subsequent calendar year.

. Employer shall provide accident
 health
 dental
 disability and life insurance for Employee under the group accident
 health
 dental
 disability and life insurance plans maintained by Employer for its full-time
 salaried employees.

. The parties anticipate that in connection with the services to be performed by Employee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
 Employee will be required to make payments for travel
 entertainment of business associates and similar expenses. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable expenses of types authorized by Employer and incurred by Employee in the performance of his duties hereunder. Employee shall comply with such budget limitations and approval and reporting requirements with respect to expenses as Employer may establish from time to time.



. Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder shall commence on the Commencement Date and continue until the end of the term specified in Section 3
 except that the employment of Employee hereunder shall terminate prior to such time in accordance with the following:

. Upon the death of Employee during the term of his employment hereunder or
 at the option of Employer
 in the event of Employee&rsquo;s Disability
 upon 30 days&rsquo; notice to Employee.






 terms and provisions hereof or an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct resulting in a material loss or detriment to Employer; or


 in the judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company
 adequately to perform his duties as an officer of Employer
 and such failure is not cured within 20 days after he receives notice of such failure from Employer.







. Without Cause upon notice by Employer to Employee. Without limiting the foregoing
 for purposes of Section 6(b)(ii) Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated by Employer without Cause pursuant to this Section 6(a)(iii) (a) upon the expiration of the term of Employee&rsquo;s employment specified in Section 3
 if Employer has given the notice of nonrenewal contemplated by the last sentence of Section 3
 or (b) if Employee&rsquo;s employment is Constructively Terminated by Employer.



. Employee shall not be entitled to any severance pay or other compensation upon termination of his employment hereunder pursuant to Section 6(a)(i) except for the following (which shall be paid promptly after termination
 except as specified in subsection (4) below):






 unused vacation as of the date of termination
 determined in accordance with Employer&rsquo;s policies and procedures then in effect; and


 as the case may be) at the same time bonuses are paid in respect of the Bonus Period to other employees of Employer entitled to receive bonuses for the Bonus Period. In the event the determination of Employee&rsquo;s bonus in respect of the Bonus Period involves any subjective assessment
 such assessment shall be made in a manner most favorable to Employee. The term &ldquo;Bonus Period&rdquo; means the full fiscal year or other applicable bonus period during which Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder was terminated (or during which Employee became Disabled
 in the event of a termination for Disability).

Termination Without Cause
. In the event Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 6(a)(iii)
 Employer shall pay Employee Separation Payments as Employee&rsquo;s sole remedy in connection with such termination. &ldquo;Separation Payments&rdquo; are payments made at the monthly rate of Employee&rsquo;s Base Salary in effect immediately preceding the date of termination. Separation Payments shall be made for 12 months after the date of termination (the &ldquo;Separation Payment Period&rdquo;) and shall be paid by Employer in equal monthly payments in arrears. Subject to Section 11(p)
 Separation Payments shall be reduced by the amount of any personal services income earned by Employee from other sources during the Separation Payment Period. Separation Payments shall be made for the number of months specified above without regard to the number of months remaining in the term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 Employer&rsquo;s obligation to make
 and Employee&rsquo;s right to receive
 Separation Payments shall terminate immediately upon any violation by Employee of any covenant contained in Section 8 or 9 hereof. Employer shall also promptly pay Employee the following:












 unused vacation as of the date of termination
 determined in accordance with Employer&rsquo;s policies and procedures then in effect.



Termination For Cause
 Voluntary Termination
 or upon Employee&rsquo;s voluntary termination of his employment hereunder
 except for the following (which shall be paid promptly after termination):






 unused vacation as of the date of termination
 determined in accordance with Employer&rsquo;s policies and procedures then in effect.

. In the event Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 6(a)(iii)
 subject to Section 11(p)
 all Restricted Stock Units granted to Employee under the Equity Incentive Plan and outstanding at the time of such termination shall be fully vested and shall thereafter be settled in accordance with the terms thereof and the applicable provisions of the Equity Incentive Plan. The Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company shall take such action as shall be necessary to authorize and provide for the foregoing.









. All rights to discoveries
 inventions
 improvements
 designs
 work product and innovations (including without limitation all data and records pertaining thereto) that relate to the business of Employer
 whether or not specifically within Employee&rsquo;s duties or responsibilities and whether or not patentable
 copyrightable or reduced to writing
 that Employee may discover
 invent
 create or originate during the term of his employment hereunder or otherwise
 and for a period of six months thereafter
 either alone or with others and whether or not during working hours or by the use of the facilities of Employer (&ldquo;Inventions&rdquo;)
 shall be the exclusive property of Employer. Employee shall promptly disclose all Inventions to Employer
 shall execute at the request of Employer any assignments or other documents Employer may deem necessary to protect or perfect its rights therein
 and shall assist Employer
 at Employer&rsquo;s expense
 in obtaining
 defending and enforcing Employer&rsquo;s rights therein. Employee hereby appoints Employer as his attorney-in-fact to execute on his behalf any assignments or other documents deemed necessary by Employer to protect or perfect its rights to any Inventions.

. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 Employee shall assign and transfer
 and does hereby assign and transfer
 to Employer the world-wide right
 title and interest of Employee in the Inventions. Employee agrees that Employer may file copyright registrations and apply for and receive patents (including without limitation Letters Patent in the United States) for the Inventions in Employer&rsquo;s name in such countries as may be determined solely by Employer. Employee shall communicate to Employer all facts known to Employee relating to the Inventions and shall cooperate with Employer&rsquo;s reasonable requests in connection with vesting title to the Inventions and related copyrights and patents exclusively in Employer and in connection with obtaining
 maintaining
 protecting and enforcing Employer&rsquo;s exclusive copyrights and patent rights in the Inventions.



. Employee shall perform his obligations under this Section 7 at Employer&rsquo;s expense
 but without any additional or special compensation therefor.



. Employee acknowledges that all Confidential Information is a valuable
 special and unique asset of Employer&rsquo;s business
 access to and knowledge of which are essential to the performance of Employee&rsquo;s duties hereunder. Employee acknowledges the proprietary interest of Employer in all Confidential Information. Employee agrees that all Confidential Information learned by Employee during his employment with Employer or otherwise
 whether developed by Employee alone or in conjunction with others or otherwise
 is and shall remain the exclusive property of Employer. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that his disclosure of any Confidential Information will result in irreparable injury and damage to Employer.







. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo; means all confidential and proprietary information of Employer
 written
 oral or computerized
 as it may exist from time to time
 including without limitation(i) information derived from reports
 investigations
 experiments
 research and work in progress
 (ii) methods of operation
 (iii) market data
(iv) proprietary computer programs and codes
 (v) drawings
 designs
 plans and proposals
 (vi) marketing and sales programs
 (vii) franchisee and supplier lists and any other information about Employer&rsquo;s relationships with others
 (viii) historical financial information and financial projections
 (ix) pricing
 product rotation and similar formulae and policies
 (x) all other concepts
 ideas
 materials and information prepared or performed for or by Employer and (xi) all information related to the business
 products
 purchases or sales of Employer or any of its franchisees
 suppliers and customers
 other than information that is made publicly available by Employer.

. Employer is entitled to prevent the disclosure of Confidential Information. As a portion of the consideration for the employment of Employee and for the compensation being paid to Employee by Employer
 Employee agrees at all times during the term of his employment hereunder and thereafter to hold in strict confidence and not to disclose or allow to be disclosed to any person
 firm or corporation
 other than to persons engaged by Employer to further the business of Employer
 and not to use except in the pursuit of the business of Employer
 the Confidential Information
 without the prior written consent of Employer. This Section 8 shall survive and continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms after
 and will not be deemed to be terminated by
 any termination of this Agreement or of Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer for any reason.

. In the event of any termination or cessation of his employment with Employer for any reason
 Employee shall promptly deliver to Employer all property of Employer
 including without limitation all documents
 data and other information containing
 derived from or otherwise pertaining to Confidential Information. Employee shall not take or retain any property of Employer
 including without limitation any documents
 data or other information
 or any reproduction or excerpt thereof
 containing
 derived from or pertaining to any Confidential Information. The obligation of confidentiality set forth in this Section 8 shall continue notwithstanding Employee&rsquo;s delivery of such documents
 data and information to Employer.



. Employee acknowledges that during the term of his employment Employer has agreed to provide to him
 and he shall receive from Employer
 special training and knowledge
 including without limitation the Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges that the Confidential Information is valuable to Employer and
 therefore
 its protection and maintenance constitutes a legitimate interest to be protected by Employer by the enforcement of the covenant not to compete contained in this Section 9. Employee also acknowledges that such covenant not to compete is ancillary to other enforceable agreements of the parties
 including without limitation the agreements regarding Confidential Information in Section 8 and the agreements regarding the payment of Separation Payments and other severance pay and of the Termination Payment in Section 10
 respectively. Therefore
 during the term of this Agreement and for a period of two years (unless extended pursuant to the terms of this Section 9) after termination of Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder (including
 without limitation
 a Triggering Termination as defined in Section 10)
 Employee shall not directly or indirectly








 alone or as a shareholder
 partner
 member
 manager
 director
 officer
 employee of or consultant to any other business organization that engages or is planning to engage
 anywhere in the United States or Canada or in any other geographic area in or with respect to which Employee has any duties or responsibilities during the term of his employment with Employer
 in any business activities that relate to the manufacture or retail sale of chocolate candy
 including but not limited to the sale through franchisees (the &ldquo;Designated Industry&rdquo;); or


 officer
 employee of or consultant to Employer to end his relationship with Employer or commence any such relationship with any competitor of Employer.


 (1) Employee&rsquo;s noncompetition obligations hereunder shall not preclude Employee from owning less than five percent of the voting power or economic interest in any publicly traded corporation conducting business activities in the Designated Industry and (2) an entity shall not be deemed to be engaged in the Designated Industry unless its revenue from the manufacture and/or retail sale of chocolate candy (including sales through franchisees) represents 25% or more of its total revenue for its full fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date of termination of Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder (or the date of his association with such entity
 if earlier) or any of the eight immediately subsequent fiscal quarters of such entity.

. If Employee violates any covenant contained in this Section 9
 Employer shall not
 as a result of such violation or the time involved in obtaining legal or equitable relief therefor
 be deprived of the benefit of the full period of any such covenant. Accordingly
 the covenants of Employee contained in this Section 9 shall be deemed to have the duration specified in Section 9(a)
 which period shall be extended by a number of days equal to the sum of (i) the total number of days Employee is in violation of any of the covenants contained in this Section 9 prior to the commencement of any litigation relating thereto and (ii) the total number of days the parties are involved in such litigation
 through the date of entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a final judgment enforcing the covenants of Employee in this Section 9. This Section 9 shall survive and continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms after
 and will not be deemed to be terminated by
 any termination of this Agreement or of Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer for any reason.

. If at any time the provisions of this Section 9 are determined to be invalid or unenforceable by reason of being vague or unreasonable as to area
 duration or scope of activity
 this Section 9 shall be considered divisible and shall be immediately amended to only such area
 duration and scope of activity as shall be determined to be reasonable and enforceable by the court or other body having jurisdiction over the matter
 and Employee agrees that this Section 9 as so amended shall be valid and binding as though any invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included herein.









. Employer recognizes that the possibility of a Change In Control of Employer may result in the departure or distraction of management to the detriment of Employer and its stockholders
 and Employer has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of key members of Employer&rsquo;s management team
 including Employee
 to their assigned duties. Accordingly
 the provisions of this Section 10 shall apply in lieu of all conflicting provisions in this Agreement in the event Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer is terminated in a Triggering Termination. Each of the following events constitutes a &ldquo;Triggering Termination&rdquo; when Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer is:


 or for no reason
 or terminated upon the expiration of Employee&rsquo;s initial or any renewal term of employment specified in Section 3
 within the 12-month period following a Change In Control;


 or terminated upon the expiration of Employee&rsquo;s initial or any renewal term of employment specified in Section 3
 during an Applicable Period;






 in light of the circumstances as then known or understood by them
 that a Change In Control is going to occur within five business days
 but it is not required as a condition to such good faith judgment that:
















 Employee agrees that
 upon (and notwithstanding) his exercise of such right
 he shall continue
 without interruption until such Change In Control occurs (unless his at-will employment with Employer is sooner terminated or Constructively Terminated by Employer
 as described in Sections 10(a)(ii) and (iii)
 or Employee dies or his employment with Employer is terminated due to Disability)
 to devote his full time and best efforts as an at-will employee of Employer to the performance of the same duties that he performed for Employer
 holding the same office or position with Employer as he held before the Agreement Termination. Employee&rsquo;s obligation set forth in the preceding sentence is referred to herein as the &ldquo;Continued Performance Obligation.&rdquo;


 then such Agreement Termination shall be void and ineffective
 and Employee&rsquo;s employment under all the terms of this Agreement (including without limitation his compensation and benefits
 duties
 position and rights regarding any other actual or expected Change In Control) shall be deemed to have continued without interruption.


 and such failure continues for more than one business day after receipt by Employee of written notice from Employer of such failure
 then


 and Employee shall be deemed to have voluntarily terminated his employment hereunder before a Change In Control; and








 Employee shall become entitled to receive a termination payment (the &ldquo;Termination Payment) in an amount equal to 2.99 times the sum of the following items:












 Employer shall promptly pay the following amounts described in this Section 10(b)(i)(2) following the date of the Triggering&nbsp;Termination:








000
 which represents the estimated cost to Employee of obtaining accident
 health
 dental
 disability and life insurance coverage for the 18-month period following the expiration of his continuation (COBRA) rights; provided that this Section 10(b)(i)(2)(IV) shall be applied without regard to
 and the amount payable under this Section 10(b)(i)(2)(IV) is in addition to
 any continuation (COBRA) rights or conversion rights under any plan provided by Employer
 which rights are not affected by any provision hereof.

. Except as otherwise provided in Section&nbsp;10(j) and subject to Section 11(p)
 Employer shall pay the Termination Payment to Employee for 12 months after the date of termination in equal monthly payments in arrears. Employer&rsquo;s obligation to pay to Employee any amounts under this Section 10
 including without limitation the Termination Payment and any Gross Up Payment due under Section 10(d)
 shall bear interest at the rate of 18% per annum or
 if different
 the maximum rate allowed by law until paid by Employer
 and all accrued and unpaid interest shall bear interest at the same rate
 all of which interest shall be compounded daily.

. Any officer of Employer (other than Employee) is authorized to issue and execute a check
 initiate a wire transfer or otherwise effect payment on behalf of Employer to satisfy Employer&rsquo;s obligations to pay all amounts due to Employee under this Section 10.

. Employer&rsquo;s obligation to pay the Termination&nbsp;Payment shall not be affected by the manner in which Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder is terminated. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 Employer shall be obligated to pay the Termination Payment and any Gross Up Payment regardless of whether Employee&rsquo;s termination of employment is voluntary
 involuntary
 for cause
 without cause
 in violation of any employment agreement or other agreement in effect at the time of the Change In Control (except as provided in Section 10(a)(iv)(5)(I) with respect to Employee&rsquo;s failure to satisfy his Continued Performance Obligation in the event of an Agreement Termination) or due to Employee&rsquo;s retirement or Disability. Employee&rsquo;s notice of his termination of employment hereunder in connection with a Change In Control may be made by any means and to any officer of Employer (other than Employee).







. A &ldquo;Change In Control&rdquo; means a change in control of Employer after the date of this Agreement in any one of the following circumstances: (i) there shall have occurred an event that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule&nbsp;14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 whether or not Employer is then subject to such reporting requirement; (ii) any &ldquo;person&rdquo; (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) (an &ldquo;Acquiring Person&rdquo;) shall have become the &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act)
 directly or indirectly
 of securities of Employer representing 20% or more of the combined voting power of Employer&rsquo;s then outstanding voting securities (a &ldquo;Share Acquisition&rdquo;); (iii) Employer is a party to a merger
 consolidation
 sale of assets or other reorganization
 or a proxy contest
 as a consequence of which members of the Board of Directors in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board of Directors thereafter; or (iv) during any period of two consecutive years
 individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by Employer&rsquo;s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors; provided
 however
 that an event described in clause (i) or (ii) shall not be deemed a Change In Control if such event is approved
 prior to its occurrence or within 60 days thereafter by at least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors in office immediately prior to such occurrence. In addition to the foregoing
 a Change In Control shall be deemed to have occurred if
 after the occurrence of a Share Acquisition that has been approved by a two-thirds vote of the Board as contemplated in the proviso to the preceding sentence
 the Acquiring Person shall have become the beneficial owner
 directly or indirectly
 of securities of Employer representing an additional 5% or more of the combined voting power of Employer&rsquo;s then outstanding voting securities (a &ldquo;Subsequent Share Acquisition&rdquo;) without the approval prior thereto or within 60 days thereafter of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors who were in office immediately prior to such Subsequent Share Acquisition and were not appointed
 nominated or recommended by
 and do not otherwise represent the interests of
 the Acquiring Person on the Board. Each subsequent acquisition by an Acquiring Person of securities of Employer representing an additional 5% or more of the combined voting power of Employer&rsquo;s then outstanding voting securities shall also constitute a Subsequent Share Acquisition (and a Change In Control unless approved as contemplated by the preceding sentence) if the approvals contemplated by this paragraph were given with respect to the initial Share Acquisition and all prior Subsequent Share Acquisitions by such Acquiring Person. The Board approvals contemplated by the two preceding sentences and by the proviso to the first sentence of this paragraph may contain such conditions as the members of the Board granting such approval may deem advisable and appropriate
 the subsequent failure or violation of which shall result in the rescission of such approval and cause a Change In Control to be deemed to have occurred as of the date of the Share Acquisition or Subsequent Share Acquisition
 as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 a Change In Control shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of clause (ii) of the first sentence of this paragraph with respect to any Acquiring Person meeting the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of Rule 13d-l(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act.









. If Employee incurs the tax (the &ldquo;Excise Tax&rdquo;) imposed by Section 4999 of the Code on &ldquo;excess parachute payments&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code as the result of any payments or distributions by Employer to or for the benefit of Employee (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) or as a result of the acceleration of vesting of Options
 Restricted Stock Units or other rights (collectively
 the &ldquo;Payments&rdquo;)
 Employer shall pay to Employee an amount (the &ldquo;Gross Up Payment&rdquo;) such that the net amount retained by Employee
 after deduction of (1) any Excise Tax owed upon any Payments (other than payments provided by this Section 10(d)(i)) and (2) any federal
 state and local income and employment taxes owed (together with penalties and interest) and Excise Tax owed
 upon the payments provided by this Section 10(d)(i)
 shall be equal to the amount of the Payments (other than payments provided by this Section 10(d)(i)).

. For purposes of determining the Gross Up Payment amount
 Employee shall be deemed:


 exemptions or credits otherwise available to Employee had the Gross Up Payment not been received);


 such limit shall be taken into account for purposes of such calculation; and


 net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.

. The determination of the Gross Up Payment amount shall be made
 at Employer&rsquo;s expense
 by Grant Thornton LLP or another nationally recognized public accounting firm selected by Employer and reasonably acceptable to Employee (in either case
 the &ldquo;Accountants&rdquo;). If the Excise Tax amount payable by Employee
 based upon a &ldquo;Determination
&rdquo; is different from the Excise Tax amount computed by the Accountants for purposes of determining the Gross Up Payment amount
 then appropriate adjustments to the Gross Up Payment amount shall be made in the manner provided in Section&nbsp;10(d)(iv). For purposes of the calculations and determinations under this Section&nbsp;10(d)(iii)
 the Accountants may rely on reasonable
 good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. For purposes of determining the Gross Up Payment amount prior to any Determination of the Excise Tax amount
 the following assumptions shall be utilized:








 and the Gross&nbsp;Up Payment
 shall be treated as Parachute Payments;


 (II) or (III) or Section 11(c) shall be treated as a Parachute Payment;








 if any
 for additional taxes payable by Employee as a result of the receipt of the payment described in Section 10(k); and




 and all of such payments shall be treated as Parachute Payments; provided that nothing in this Section&nbsp;10(d)(iii)(4) shall limit or reduce the payment of any amount similar to the Gross Up Payment under the Consulting Agreement; and


 if any
 of any Options
 Restricted Stock Units
 or other equity-based awards shall be determined in a manner consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1
 Q/A-24
 as applicable.

. Subject to Section 11(p)
 Employer shall pay the estimated Gross Up Payment amount in cash to Employee on or within 10 business days of the date that the related Excise Tax is required to be remitted to the relevant taxing authorities. Employee and Employer agree to reasonably cooperate in the determination of the actual Gross Up Payment amount. Further
 Employee and Employer agree to make such adjustments to the estimated Gross Up Payment amount as may be necessary to equal the actual Gross Up Payment amount based upon a Determination
 which in the case of Employee shall refer to refunds of prior overpayments and in the case of Employer shall refer to makeup of prior underpayments.

. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3
 if a Change In Control occurs prior to the date on which Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 3
 Sections 10
 11 and 12 shall continue in effect until the date of termination pursuant to Section 3 or the date that is 12 months after the date of the Change In Control
 whichever is later.







. To preserve a sound and vital management team for the Company during the period immediately following a Change In Control
 Employee agrees that
 in the event of a Triggering Termination
 if requested by the Board of Directors of the Company within 30 days after the Change In Control. If Employee breaches his obligation under the preceding sentence by declining to enter into a Consulting Agreement
 as liquidated damages for such breach and not as a penalty
 Employee shall pay to Employer the amount that Employee otherwise would have received as compensation from Employer under the Consulting Agreement assuming Employee fully performed his obligations thereunder.

. Employee&rsquo;s rights and privileges under this Section 10 shall be considered severance pay in consideration of his past service and his continued service to Employer from the Commencement Date
 and his entitlement thereto shall neither be governed by any duty to mitigate his damages by seeking further employment nor offset by any compensation that he may receive from future employment.



. Employee may hold options (&ldquo;Options&rdquo;) issued under the Equity Incentive Plan. Employer shall take no action to facilitate a transaction involving a Change In Control unless it has taken such action as may be necessary to ensure that Employee has the opportunity to exercise all Options he may then hold
 at a time and in a manner that shall give Employee the opportunity to sell or exchange the securities of Employer acquired upon exercise of his Options
 if any (the &ldquo;Acquired Securities&rdquo;)
 at the earliest time and in the most advantageous manner any holder of the same class of securities as the Acquired Securities is able to sell or exchange such securities in connection with such Change In Control. Employer acknowledges that its covenants in the preceding sentence (the &ldquo;Covenants&rdquo;) are reasonable and necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests of Employer in maintaining Employee as one of its employees and that any violation of the Covenants by Employer would result in irreparable injuries to Employee
 and Employer therefore acknowledges that in the event of any violation of the Covenants by Employer or its directors
 officers or employees
 or any of their respective agents
 Employee shall be entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction temporary
 preliminary and permanent injunctive relief in order to (i) obtain specific performance of the Covenants
 (ii) obtain specific performance of the exercise of his Options and the sale or exchange of the Acquired Securities in the advantageous manner contemplated above or (iii) prevent violation of the Covenants; provided that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prejudice Employee&rsquo;s rights to damages for violation of the Covenants.














 then



. If Employee becomes entitled to receive a Termination Payment under this Section 10
 Employer agrees to reimburse Employee for any outplacement consulting fees and expenses incurred by Employee during any Applicable Period and during the two-year period following the Change In Control; provided that the aggregate amount reimbursed by Employer shall not exceed 15% of Employee&rsquo;s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Triggering Termination. In addition and as to each reimbursement payment
 to the extent that any reimbursement under this Section 10(k) is subject to federal
 state or local income taxes
 Employer shall pay Employee an additional amount such that the net amount retained by Employee
 after deduction of any federal
 state and local income tax on the reimbursement and such additional amount
 shall be equal to the reimbursement payment. All amounts under this Section 10(k) shall be paid by Employer within 15 days after Employee&rsquo;s presentation to Employer of any statements of such amounts and thereafter shall bear interest at the rate of 18% per annum or
 if different
 the maximum rate allowed by law until paid by Employer
 and all accrued and unpaid interest shall bear interest at the same rate
 all of which interest shall be compounded daily.



. Except as provided in Section 10(b)(iv)
 all notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing or by written telecommunication
 and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or if mailed by certified mail
 return receipt requested or by written telecommunication
 to the relevant address set forth below
 or to such other address as the recipient of such notice or communication shall have specified to the other party in accordance with this Section 11(a):



		


			
			

		
			
			
			

		


			
			

		
			
			



		


			



		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			






 to:

[Address]







. All payments required to be made to Employee by Employer shall be subject to the withholding of such amounts
 if any
 relating to federal
 state and local taxes as may be required by law. No payments under Section 10 shall be subject to offset or reduction attributable to any amount Employee may owe to Employer or any other person.

. Employer shall pay all attorney&rsquo; and accountant&rsquo; fees and costs incurred by Employee as a result of any breach by Employer of its obligations under this Agreement
 including without limitation all such costs incurred in contesting or disputing any determination made by Employer under Section 10 or in connection with any tax audit or proceeding to the extent attributable to the application of Section 4999 of the Code to any payment under Section 10. Subject to Section 11(p)
 reimbursements of such costs shall be made by Employer within 15 days after Employee&rsquo;s presentation to Employer of any statements of such costs and thereafter shall bear interest at the rate of 18% per annum or
 if different
 the maximum rate allowed by law until paid by Employer
 and all accrued and unpaid interest shall bear interest at the same rate
 all of which interest shall be compounded daily.

. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that upon any breach by Employee of his obligations under any of Sections 7
 8 and 9
 Employer shall have no adequate remedy at law and accordingly shall be entitled to specific performance and other appropriate injunctive and equitable relief.

. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal
 invalid or unenforceable
 such provision shall be fully severable
 and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision never comprised a part hereof
 and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom. Furthermore
 in lieu of such illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision
 there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in its terms to such illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal
 valid and enforceable.

. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
 power or privilege hereunder shall impair such right
 power or privilege
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right
 power or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right
 power or privilege.

. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



. Use of the words &ldquo;herein
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereof
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereto
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereunder&rdquo; and the like in this Agreement refer to this Agreement only as a whole and not to any particular section or subsection of this Agreement
 unless otherwise noted.







. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and shall be enforceable by the personal representatives and heirs of Employee and the successors and assigns of Employer. This Agreement may be assigned by Employer to a legal successor-in-interest of Employer or to a wholly owned subsidiary to which substantially all the business and operations of Employer are transferred. If Employee dies while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder
 such amounts shall be paid to Employee&rsquo;s estate. This Agreement is not otherwise assignable by Employee or Employer.

. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties
 and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings
 relating to the subject matter hereof and may not be amended except by a written instrument hereafter signed by each of the parties hereto.

. This Agreement and the performance hereof shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado
 without regard to its choice of law principles.

. The masculine gender shall be deemed to denote the feminine or neuter genders
 the singular to denote the plural
 and the plural to denote the singular
 where the context so permits.

. During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two years thereafter
 Employee shall
 upon reasonable notice
 furnish such information and proper assistance to Employer as may reasonably be required by Employer in connection with any litigation in which Employer is
 or may become
 a party and with respect to which Employee&rsquo;s particular knowledge or experience would be useful. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Employee in rendering such assistance. The provisions of this Section 11(n) shall continue in effect notwithstanding termination of Employee&rsquo;s employment hereunder for any reason.

. Employer shall pay and be responsible for all legal fees
 costs of litigation and other expenses that Employee may incur as a result of Employer&rsquo;s failure to perform under this Agreement or as a result of Employer
 any Acquiring Person or any affiliate of Employer seeking to terminate this Agreement other than in accordance with the terms hereof or contesting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.

. The parties intend that this Agreement and the payments and other benefits provided hereunder be exempt from the requirements of Section&nbsp;409A to the maximum extent possible
 whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or otherwise. To the extent Section&nbsp;409A is applicable to this Agreement (and such payments and benefits)
 the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral
 payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 this Agreement shall be interpreted
 operated and administered in a manner consistent with such intentions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary:








 all references in this Agreement to the termination of Employee&rsquo;s employment are intended to mean Employee&rsquo;s &ldquo;separation from service
&rdquo; within the meaning of Code Section&nbsp;409A(a)(2)(A)(i);


&rdquo; within the meaning of Code Section&nbsp;409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
 then to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section&nbsp;409A
 amounts that would otherwise be payable under this Agreement during the six-month period immediately following Executive&#39;s &ldquo;separation from service
&rdquo; within the meaning of Code Section&nbsp;409A(a)(2)(A)(i)
 shall not be paid to Executive during such period
 but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive (or
 in the event of Executive&rsquo;s death
 Executive&#39;s estate) in a lump sum on the first business day following the earlier of (A)&nbsp;the later of the date that is six months after Executive&rsquo;s separation from service or the 18-month anniversary of the Commencement Date or (B)&nbsp;Executive&rsquo;s death;


 each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement will be provided in accordance with the following: (A)&nbsp;the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement
 or in-kind benefits provided
 during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement
 or in-kind benefits to be provided
 in any other calendar year; (B)&nbsp;any reimbursement of an eligible expense will be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (C) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit;


 without limitation
 an adjustment to the estimated Gross Up Payment amount is necessary pursuant to Section 10(d)(iv) based upon a Determination)
 the tax gross-up payment shall be made by Employer no later than the end of Employee&rsquo;s taxable year in which Employer remits the related taxes; and




 economic or legal consequences of this Agreement or any payments or other benefits provided hereunder
 including without limitation under Section&nbsp;409A
 and no provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with Section&nbsp;409A from Employee or any other individual to the Company or any of its affiliates. Employee
 by executing this Agreement
 shall be deemed to have waived any claim against the Company and its affiliates with respect to any such tax
 economic or legal consequences.







. As used in this Agreement
 the following terms will have the following meanings:









 has the meaning ascribed to it in Section&nbsp;10(a)(iv)(1). References in this Agreement to termination of Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer
 in any form
 shall be deemed to include (whether or not so expressed) an Agreement Termination.

 means
 with respect to any Change In Control
 the period of 90 days immediately preceding the Change In Control.







 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended.



 is an individual who is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company or a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (or
 if no Compensation Committee exists
 or there are fewer than two members of the Compensation Committee
 a nonemployee member of the Board of Directors of the Company) at the time in question.



 with respect to an Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer will be deemed to have occurred if Employer
 without the consent of Employee



 either in title or responsibility (whether or not there is a change in title)
 than the highest position held by Employee with Employer at any time during Employee&rsquo;s employment with Employer;


 which amendment or termination is applicable to all executives of Employer);










 if the proposed amendment would have any of the effects contemplated by clauses (i)
 (ii) or (iii) above or otherwise impose any additional burdens or obligations on
 or diminish any rights of
 Employee.


 Employee&rsquo;s employment shall not be treated as Constructively Terminated by Employer unless (i)&nbsp;Employee notifies Employer in writing of the existence of the condition which Employee believes constitutes a Constructive&nbsp;Termination within 90 days of the initial existence of such condition (which notice specifically identifies such condition)
 (ii)&nbsp;Employer fails to remedy such condition within 30 days after the date on which it receives such notice (the &ldquo;Remedial Period&rdquo;)
 and (iii)&nbsp;Employee actually terminates employment within 30 days after the expiration of the Remedial Period.











 with respect to Employee shall be deemed to have occurred whenever Employee is rendered unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuing period of not less than 12 months. In the case of any dispute
 the determination of Disability will be made by a licensed physician selected by Employer
 which physician&rsquo;s decision will be final and binding.





 means the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended from time to time
 and any successor plan.































 means
 with respect to each Employee
 the dollar amount that is equal to the established percentage of such Employee&rsquo;s Base Salary that would be paid to Employee under any incentive bonus plan of Employer assuming the measurement criteria contained in such plan with respect to Employee were achieved for the bonus period in which the Change In Control occurred.














		

			



 INC.


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			


			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			














 dated as of ___________
 ___ (&ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 is between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 and






 dated as of ____________ (&ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 under which Consultant is obligated to enter into this Agreement at the request of the Board of Directors of the Company under certain circumstances.




 THEREFORE
 for and in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement
 and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement
 the parties agree as follows:

. The Company retains Consultant to provide
 and Consultant agrees to render
 such consulting and advisory services as may be requested from time to time by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors. Consultant agrees to devote his attention
 skills and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement. Consultant shall not be obligated
 however
 to devote more than 30 hours per month to the discharge of his responsibilities under this Agreement. Consultant shall be an independent contractor
 not an employee of the Company
 during the term of this Agreement.

. The term for providing consulting services under this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues
 unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 5
 until 180 days after the date of the Change In Control
 as defined in the Employment Agreement.

. In consideration for the services provided by Consultant
 the Company shall pay to Consultant an amount equal to one-half of his annual base compensation considered for purposes of Section 10(b)(i)(l)(I) of the Employment Agreement
 which amount shall be paid in six equal monthly installments
 with the first installment due and payable on the Effective Date.

. The parties anticipate that Consultant
 in connection with the services to be performed by him under this Agreement
 will incur expenses for travel
 lodging and similar items. The Company shall advance the estimated amount of such expenses to Consultant and shall
 within 15 days after Consultant&rsquo;s presentation to the Company of reasonable documentation the actual expenses
 reimburse Consultant for all expenses incurred by Consultant in the performance of his duties under this Agreement that have not been so advanced.













. For &ldquo;Cause&rdquo; immediately upon written notice by the Company to Consultant. For purposes of this Agreement
 a termination shall be for Cause if:




 terms and provisions of this Agreement and such failure or breach continues uncured for more than 30 days after receipt by Consultant of written notice from the Company of such failure or breach.





. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing or by written telecommunication and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or if mailed by certified mail
 return receipt requested or by written telecommunication
 to the relevant address set forth below
 or to such other address as the recipient of such notice or communication shall have specified to the other party hereto in accordance with this Section 6(a):


		

			


			


			


		


 to:


			


			


		

			


			


			


		


 Inc.


			


			


		

			


			



 Suite 1400


		


 Colorado 81301


			



 CO 80202-5255


		

			
			Facsimile Number: (970) 382-7366


			


			
			


		
			

			


			





 to:









. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal
 invalid or unenforceable
 such provision shall be fully severable
 and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision never comprised a part hereof
 and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom. Furthermore
 in lieu of such illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision
 there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in its terms to such illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal
 valid and enforceable.

. No delay or omission by either party hereto in exercising any right
 power or privilege hereunder shall impair such right
 power or privilege
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right
 power or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right
 power or privilege.

. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



. Use of the words &ldquo;hereof
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereto
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereunder&rdquo; and the like in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or subsection of this Agreement
 unless otherwise noted.

. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and shall be enforceable by the personal representatives and heirs of Consultant and the successors of the Company. If Consultant dies while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder
 such amounts shall be paid to Consultant&rsquo;s estate. This Agreement is not otherwise assignable by Consultant or by the Company.

. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties
 supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof and may not be amended except by a written instrument hereafter signed by each of the parties hereto.

. This Agreement and the performance hereof shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado
 without regard to its choice of law principles.

. The masculine gender shall be deemed to denote the feminine or neuter genders
 the singular to denote the plural
 and the
plural to denote the singular
 where the context so permits.

. The parties intend that this Agreement and the payments and other benefits provided hereunder be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 and any official guidance and regulations issued thereunder (collectively
 &ldquo;Section 409A&rdquo;) to the maximum extent possible. To the extent Section&nbsp;409A is applicable to this Agreement (and such payments and benefits)
 the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral
 payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 this Agreement shall be interpreted
 operated and administered in a manner consistent with such intentions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 to the extent required by Section 409A
 each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement will be provided in accordance with the following: (i)&nbsp;the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement
 or in-kind benefits provided
 during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement
 or in-kind benefits to be provided
 in any other calendar year; (ii)&nbsp;any reimbursement of an eligible expense will be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.














		

			



 INC.


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

















	
	







&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 is by and between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
&rdquo;)
 and Franklin E. Crail (&ldquo;

. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee&rsquo;s employment with the Company ended effective February 26
&rdquo;) upon Employee&rsquo;s retirement from the Company
 and after that date
 Employee shall have no role or relationship with the Company
 other than as a member of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors (the &ldquo;



. Provided that Employee executes this Agreement
 complies with Employee&rsquo;s obligations as set forth herein
 and does not revoke Employee&rsquo;s ADEA Release (as defined below)
 the Company will accelerate the vesting of the 5
834 restricted stock units originally granted to Employee on April 18
 2013
 pursuant to
 and subject to the terms and conditions of
 the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended to date
&rdquo;). Except as modified above
 the original terms of the Unvested RSUs will remain in full force and effect.

. Provided that Employee executes this Agreement
 complies with Employee&rsquo;s obligations as set forth herein
 and does not revoke Employee&rsquo;s ADEA Release
 then
 for so long as Employee continues to serve on the Board
&rdquo; and
 together with the Unvested RSUs
 the &ldquo;

. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Retirement Payment exceeds any payment
 benefit
 or other thing of value to which Employee might otherwise be entitled under any policy
 plan
 constitute the entirety of the benefits of any nature due to Employee by the Company or any of its affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt
 Employee specifically acknowledges and agrees that Employee does not dispute the wages that have been paid to Employee and that
 other as set forth herein
 no other compensation
 salary
 bonus payments
 severance payments
 commissions
 equity
 debt
 or option grants
 or any other amounts are due and owing to Employee from the Company
 either in connection with Employee&rsquo;s employment or otherwise
 or pursuant to any other agreement or letter
 except as set forth in this Agreement.










 to include Employee and Employee&rsquo;s agents
 representatives
 attorneys
 assigns
 heirs
 executors
 and administrators) fully and unconditionally releases (i) the Company and its past
 present
 and future parents
 divisions
 subsidiaries
 partnerships
 affiliates
 and other related entities (whether or not they are wholly owned)
 (ii) the past
 present
 and future owners
 trustees
 fiduciaries
 administrators
 shareholders
 directors
 officers
 partners
 agents
 representatives
 members
 employees
 and attorneys of each entity listed in subpart (i) above
 and (iii) the predecessors
 successors
 and assigns of each entity listed in subparts (i) and (ii) above) ((i)
 (ii) and (iii)
 collectively
) from
 and agrees not to bring any action
 proceeding or suit against any of the Released Parties regarding
 any and all known or unknown claims
 causes of action
 liabilities
 damages
 fees
 or remunerations of any sort
 arising or that may have arisen out of or in connection with Employee&rsquo;s employment with or termination of employment from the Company at any time up to and including the Effective Date
 including but not limited to:


 agreement
 policy
 benefit plan
 retirement or pension plan
 equity incentive or option plan
 severance plan
 or covenant of any kind
 or failure to pay wages
 bonuses
 employee benefits
 other compensation
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 damages
 or any other remuneration (including any equity
 ownership interest
 management fee
 carried interest
 partnership interest
 distributions
 dividends or participation or ownership in any business venture related to the Released Parties); and/or


 harassment
 or retaliation on the basis of any characteristic protected under law
 including
 but not limited
 to race
 color
 national origin
 sex
 sexual orientation
 religion
 disability
 marital or parental status
 age
 union activity or other protected activity; and/or


 or denial of protection or benefits under
 any statute
 ordinance
 executive order
 or regulation
 including but not limited to claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
 the Civil Rights Act of 1991
 the Civil Rights Act of 1866
&rdquo;)
 the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act
 the Americans with Disabilities Act
 the Fair Labor Standards Act
 the Family and Medical Leave Act
 the Workers&rsquo; Adjustment and Retraining Notification
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 the Equal Pay Act
 the Family and Medical Leave Act
 the National Labor Relations Act
 the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
 the Pregnancy Discrimination Act
 Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code
 the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act
 or any other federal
 state or local statute
 ordinance
 or regulation regarding employment
 termination of employment
 or discrimination in employment; and/or


 including but not limited to claims for wrongful discharge
 defamation
 invasion of privacy
 infliction of emotional distress
 negligence
 interference with contract.








 includes all claims Employee has or may have against the Released Parties
 whether known or unknown
 that can be lawfully released. Employee realizes and acknowledges that Employee may have sustained losses that are presently unknown and unsuspected
 and that such losses may give rise to additional losses and expenses in the future which are not now anticipated. Nevertheless
 Employee
 being fully aware of the situation
 does nevertheless intend to release
 acquit
 and forever discharge Employee&rsquo;s claims as described above. Employee fully understands that if the facts with respect to this Agreement are found hereafter to be other than or different from the facts now believed by Employee to be true
 Employee expressly accepts and assumes the risk of such possible difference in fact and agrees that this Agreement shall be and remain effective
 notwithstanding any such difference. This Agreement is executed voluntarily by Employee with full knowledge of its significance and legal effect.


 as of the Effective Date
 Employee has not instituted any action or proceeding covered by this 
 Employee waives the right to recover any damages awarded in any such proceeding or in any proceeding instituted on Employee&rsquo;s behalf by an administrative agency or other individual or entity regarding Employee&rsquo;s employment with
 or separation from
 the Company
 other than with respect to any claim to any financial incentive or other award made available under existing law for whistleblowing or similar conduct. For the avoidance of doubt
 Employee waives the right to recover any damages or payments from any of the Released Parties in any proceeding instituted by an agency or other individual or entity regarding Employee&rsquo;s employment with
 or separation from
 the Company
 including
 without limitation
 the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment.


 or in the future might have
 under the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542
 which provides as follows:



 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee will keep the terms
 amount
 and facts of
 and any discussions leading up to
 this Agreement STRICTLY AND COMPLETELY CONFIDENTIAL
 and that Employee will not communicate or otherwise disclose to any employee of the Company (past
 present
 or future)
 or to any member of the general public
 the terms
 amounts
 copies
 or fact of this Agreement
 except as may be required by law or compulsory process; 
 
 that Employee may make such disclosures to Employee&rsquo;s spouse
 tax/financial advisors or legal counsel as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. If asked about any of such matters
 Employee&rsquo;s response shall be that Employee may not discuss any of such matters. In the event of a breach of the confidentiality provisions set forth in this paragraph of the Agreement by Employee
 the Company may suspend any payments due under this Agreement pending the outcome of litigation regarding such claimed breach of this Agreement by Employee. The Parties agree that this paragraph is a material inducement to the Company entering into this Agreement. Additionally
 the Parties agree that a breach of this paragraph by Employee will cause the Company irreparable harm and that the Company may enforce this paragraph without posting a bond.







. This Agreement does not constitute an admission that any action taken by any of the Released Parties with respect to Employee was wrongful
 unlawful
 or susceptible of inflicting any damages or injury on Employee
 and the Released Parties specifically deny any wrongdoing. This Agreement is entered into solely to resolve fully all matters related to or arising out of Employee&rsquo;s employment with and separation from the Company
 and neither this Agreement nor testimony regarding its execution or implementation may be admitted or used as evidence in a subsequent proceeding of any kind
 except one alleging a breach of this Agreement.

provided
 however
 is illegal
 void or unenforceable
 Employee agrees to promptly execute a release and agreement that is legal and enforceable. The Company&rsquo;s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement
 or its failure to assert any right that it may have hereunder
 will not be considered a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision of or right under this Agreement.

 This Agreement is made and entered into in the State of Colorado and in all respects will be interpreted
 enforced
 and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado
 and construed in accordance therewith
 without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. Employee hereby irrevocably waives Employee&rsquo;s rights
 if any
 to have the laws of any other state other than the State of Colorado apply to this Agreement or Employee&rsquo;s employment with the Company. Employee expressly agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and exclusive venue of courts located in the State of Colorado in connection with any litigation which may be brought with respect to a dispute between the Parties
 regardless of where Employee resides or where Employee performed services for the Company. Employee hereby irrevocably waives Employee&rsquo;s rights
 if any
 to have any disputes between the Parties decided in any jurisdiction or venue other than a court in the State of Colorado. Employee hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
 any objection which Employee now or hereafter may have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such suit
 action or proceeding
 and Employee agrees not to plead or claim the same. Employee further irrevocably covenants not to sue the Company in any jurisdiction or venue other than a court in the State of Colorado.

. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding concerning Employee&rsquo;s separation from the Company
 and this Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements
 understandings
 discussions
 negotiations
 or proposals concerning Employee&rsquo;s separation from the Company. In deciding to sign this Agreement
 Employee has not relied on any express or implied promise
 statement
 or representation by the Company
 whether oral or written
 except as set forth herein.


 Employee hereby acknowledges that Employee knowingly and voluntarily enters into this Agreement with the purpose of waiving and releasing any age discrimination claims he may have under the ADEA
 and acknowledges and agrees that:










 other than any rights or claims under the ADEA that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed;




 and has
 in fact had an opportunity to do so;


 if desired
 within which to consider this Agreement; and


&rdquo;)
 and the Agreement shall not be effective until the Revocation Period has been exhausted. If Employee chooses to revoke this Agreement
 he must do so in writing
 and the revocation must be addressed and delivered to Bryan J. Merryman
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 265 Turner Drive
 Durango
 Colorado 81303
 and that written notice must be received by the Company no later than the eighth day after Employee executes this Agreement. If Employee revokes the Agreement
 Employee will not be entitled to any of the consideration provided in 


 whether material or immaterial
 will not restart the running of this 21-day period.

 Employee acknowledges
 understands
 and agrees that the purpose of this Agreement is to assure the Released Parties that
 in return for the payments made pursuant to this Agreement
 the Released Parties will not be put to the expense and inconvenience of defending any claim
 charge
 or lawsuit that has been released by Employee in this Agreement. Therefore
 Employee agrees that in the event Employee files a claim against any of the Released Parties that has been released and discharged in this Agreement
 the Company will have the right to recoup any portion of the Retirement Payment
 or the value thereof
 except that
 notwithstanding the foregoing
 Employee shall not be subject to forfeiture of the Retirement Payment for challenges to the validity of the release of claims under the ADEA or OWBPA. For the avoidance of doubt
 or this Agreement shall prohibit Employee from challenging the validity of the release of claims under the ADEA or OWBPA
 or is intended to impose any condition precedent
 any penalty
 or any other limitation adversely affecting the right of Employee to challenge validity of the release of claims under the ADEA or OWBPA.

. Employee agrees that this Agreement will be binding upon Employee&rsquo;s heirs
 executors
 assigns
 administrators
 and other legal representatives
 and is made for the benefit of the Released Parties. The Company may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to any of the Company&rsquo;s relevant assets
 whether by merger
 consolidation
 reorganization
 reincorporation
 sale of assets or stock
 or otherwise. Employee understands and agrees that this Agreement is executed by the Company
 on its own behalf and on behalf of each of its subsidiaries
 affiliates
 successors
 or assignees; that Employee&rsquo;s obligations under this Agreement shall apply equally to each of the Released Parties; and that any of the Released Parties may enforce this Agreement in their own name as if they were parties to this Agreement.







. The Company makes no representations with regard to the effect on Employee&rsquo;s federal
 state
 or local income tax liability with regard to the Retirement Payment and any other payments or benefits being provided to Employee. Employee hereby assumes full and sole responsibility for payment of taxes due
 if any
 on the consideration tendered herein and further agrees to defend
 indemnify
 and hold the Company harmless from and against any loss
 liability
 obligation
 action
 cause of action
 claims
 demands
 or other expenses of any nature whatsoever
 relating to
 in connection with
 or arising out of the payment of said taxes and interest
 and/or penalties imposed
 arising out of any such tax.

Each Party hereby agrees and acknowledges that it has had full opportunity to consult with counsel and tax advisors of its selection in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. The Parties hereto jointly participated in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by both Parties hereto to express their collective mutual intent. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties
 and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any Party.

 Employee agrees that this Agreement may be signed and delivered by PDF or other electronic means
 and may be executed in counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
 when taken together
 shall constitute one instrument.

. Employee acknowledges that (i) Employee has carefully read this Agreement and fully understands its meaning; (ii) Employee had the opportunity to take up to twenty-one (21) days after receiving this Agreement to decide whether to sign it; (iii)&nbsp;the Company is herein advising Employee
 in writing
 to consult with an attorney before signing it; (iv) Employee is signing this Agreement
 knowingly
 voluntarily
 and without any coercion or duress; (v) Employee has been given seven (7) days to revoke the ADEA Release following execution of this Agreement; and (vi) everything Employee is receiving for signing this Agreement is described in the Agreement itself
 and no other promises or representations have been made to cause Employee to sign it.









EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AS THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS (AS ALLOWED BY LAW) WHICH EMPLOYEE MAY HAVE AGAINST THE RELEASED PARTIES
 





		
			
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			

 Chief Operating Officer

			

		
			
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			


			
			


			

















	
	











			


			





 Inc.


			




			

 LLC


			
			




			

 Inc. (1)


			
			




			

 Inc.


			
			







			

			

 2019
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. holds a 46% interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.


















	
	









 333-145986
 and 333-191729) of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) of our report dated May 8
 2019 relating to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2019
 which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.





 Colorado


 2019














	
	










 333-145986
 and 333-191729) of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. of our report dated May 15
 2018 relating to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2018
 which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.





 Colorado


 2019













	
	









 Bryan J. Merryman
 certify that:




			

			

 Inc.;







			

			

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;







			

			

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;







			

			
			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and







			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#39;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#39;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.









 2019

			

			

			


			
			

 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer

			


			
			
			
			















	
	












 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:



			

			

			

 as amended; and






			

			

			

 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.







		


			
			

		
			
			

 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer


		
			
			
			

		
			
			

			



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  





179

179

272

112

384

156

489

646

356

179

272

737

545

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 and the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; charge any service fees. While the Company&amp;#x2019;s franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment
 the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. The Company has historically accumulated gift card liabilities and has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; recognized breakage associated with the gift card liability. The adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;) during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; requires the use of the &amp;#x201c;proportionate&amp;#x201d; method for recognizing breakage
 which the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; historically utilized. Upon adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; the Company began recognizing breakage from gift cards when the gift card is redeemed by the customer or the Company determines the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is remote (&amp;#x201c;gift card breakage&amp;#x201d;). The determination of the gift card breakage rate is based upon Company-specific historical redemption patterns. Accrued gift card liability was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$742
289&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
057
131&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The Company recognized breakage of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$139
188&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

  
  
  
  
  
  

 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&amp;#x2019; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  









  





  
  
  
  


  



































 amendments of previously filed reports were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; required. As such
 a revision for the correction is reflected in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;financial information of the applicable prior periods in this Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-K. The error resulted in corrections to beginning retained earnings
 accrued liabilities and deferred tax assets of $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;492
766&lt;/div&gt;)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$192
233&lt;/div&gt; and $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;300
533&lt;/div&gt;)
 respectively
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

441
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$355
678
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$279
698&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Total advertising expense for U-Swirl and its brands amounted to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$168
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$222
093
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$335
771&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (a Colorado corporation)
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;ALY&amp;#x201d;)
 and U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;U-Swirl&amp;#x201d;)
 and its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt;-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;SWRL&amp;#x201d;) (collectively

 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1981
&lt;/div&gt; the Company is headquartered in Durango

&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogurtini
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;CherryBerry
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt

 frozen yogurt




 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (a Colorado corporation)
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;ALY&amp;#x201d;)
 and U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;U-Swirl&amp;#x201d;)
 and its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt;-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;SWRL&amp;#x201d;) (collectively

 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1981
&lt;/div&gt; the Company is headquartered in Durango

&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogurtini
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;CherryBerry
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt

 frozen yogurt



 and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. As described above
 on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company acquired a controlling interest in SWRL. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements excluded the financial information of SWRL. Beginning on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of SWRL have been included in these consolidated financial statements. The Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &amp;#x201c;SWRL Loan Agreement&amp;#x201d;). This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and concurrently the Company ceased to have financial control of U-Swirl
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl

 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.9&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 the Company extends credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$391
831&lt;/div&gt; of notes receivable outstanding and an allowance for doubtful accounts of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; associated with these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear interest rates ranging from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.5%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%.&lt;/div&gt; The notes mature through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 2023 &lt;/div&gt;and approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$375

 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on actual differences. This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the recorded value is higher than the market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and future sales potential. Cost is determined using the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in

 which range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirty-nine&lt;/div&gt; years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements

 including identifiable intangible assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying amount of such assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum

 using current enacted income tax rates and regulations. These differences will result in taxable income or deductions in future years when the reported amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled
 respectively. Considerable judgment is required in determining when these events &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;occur and whether recovery of an asset
 including the utilization of a net operating loss or other carryforward prior to its expiration
 is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not.&lt;/div&gt; Due to historical U-Swirl losses
 prior to FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company established a full valuation allowance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company took possession of the outstanding equity in U-Swirl. As a result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership increasing to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%
&lt;/div&gt; the Company began filing consolidated income tax returns in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Because of this change


 and the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; charge any service fees. While the Company&amp;#x2019;s franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment
 the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. The Company has historically accumulated gift card liabilities and has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; recognized breakage associated with the gift card liability. The adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;) during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; requires the use of the &amp;#x201c;proportionate&amp;#x201d; method for recognizing breakage
 which the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; historically utilized. Upon adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; the Company began recognizing breakage from gift cards when the gift card is redeemed by the customer or the Company determines the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is remote (&amp;#x201c;gift card breakage&amp;#x201d;). The determination of the gift card breakage rate is based upon Company-specific historical redemption patterns. Accrued gift card liability was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$742
289&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
057
131&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The Company recognized breakage of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$139
188&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired. Finally
 goodwill arose from business acquisitions

 an impairment loss is recognized. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl International
 Inc. pledged as collateral on the SWRL Loan Agreement. This was the result of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s inability to repay the SWRL Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
930
529&lt;/div&gt; of goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. In the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 CherryBerry
 Fuzzy Peach

 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&amp;#x2019; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate


&lt;/div&gt; upon adoption of adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606
&lt;/div&gt; the Company began recognizing franchise fees over the term of the associated franchise agreement
 which is generally a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; years. Prior to FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; franchise fee revenue was recognized upon opening of the franchise store. In addition to the initial franchise fee

 the Company is required to pay a portion of franchise fee revenue
 or royalty fees to parties the Company has contracted with to assist in developing and growing a brand. The agreements generally include Development Agents
 or commissioned brokers who are paid a portion of the initial franchise fee
 a portion of the ongoing royalty fees
 or both. When such agreements exist
 the Company reports franchise fee and royalty fee revenues net of the amount paid
 or due

 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the consolidated financial statements

 2019 &lt;/div&gt;compared to revenue of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; of our total revenues during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; stock-based compensation plan
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan

772
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$591
839
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$584
893&lt;/div&gt; related to equity-based compensation expense during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which requires recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;tax benefits or expense resulting from the difference in the compensation cost recognized for stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax expense included in net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$34

&lt;/div&gt; the Company granted &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;restricted stock units. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;stock options granted to employees during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; or FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; The restricted stock unit grants generally vest &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; annually over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; years. The Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$463
795&lt;/div&gt; of consolidated stock-based compensation expense related to grants made in prior years during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; compared with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$532
739&lt;/div&gt; in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$564
473&lt;/div&gt; in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$114
183

000&lt;/div&gt; fully vested
 unrestricted shares of stock to non-employee directors during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;compared to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; shares issued during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; issued during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;In connection with these non-employee director stock issuances
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$24
480
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20
420&lt;/div&gt; of stock-based compensation expense during year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan to an independent contractor providing information technology consulting services to the Company. These shares were issued as a part of the compensation for services rendered to the Company by the contractor. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$59
100&lt;/div&gt; in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;During the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3
333&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan to the former Vice President of Creative Services. These shares were issued in consideration of services rendered prior to retirement and based on the number of unvested restricted stock units that were forfeited upon retirement. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$31
497&lt;/div&gt; in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

441
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$355
678
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$279
698&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Total advertising expense for U-Swirl and its brands amounted to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$168
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$222
093
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$335
771&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 trade receivables
 payables
 notes payable and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value

 &lt;/div&gt;the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#x201c;SEC&amp;#x201d;) adopted amendments to certain disclosure requirements in Securities Act Release &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;33&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10532
&lt;/div&gt; Disclosure Update and Simplification. These amendments eliminate
 modify
 or integrate into other SEC requirements certain disclosure rules. Among the amendments is the requirement to present an analysis of changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in the interim financial statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-Q. The analysis
 which can be presented as a footnote or separate statement
 is required for the current and comparative quarter and year-to-date interim periods. The amendments are effective for all filings made on or after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 5
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;In light of the anticipated timing of effectiveness of the amendments and expected proximity of effectiveness to the filing date for most filers&amp;#x2019; quarterly reports
 the SEC&amp;#x2019;s Division of Corporate Finance issued a Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation related to Exchange Act Forms
 (&amp;#x201c;CDI &amp;#x2013; Question &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;105.09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 that provides transition guidance related to this disclosure requirement. CDI &amp;#x2013; Question &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;105.09&lt;/div&gt; states that the SEC would &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; object if the filer&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; presentation of the changes in shareholders&amp;#x2019; equity is included in its Quarterly Report on Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-Q for the quarter that begins after the effective date of the amendments. As such
 the Company adopted these SEC amendments on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 30
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and will present the analysis of changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in its interim financial statements in its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;Quarterly Report on Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-Q. The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; anticipate that the adoption of these SEC amendments will have a material effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; will require immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets
 which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases currently classified as operating leases under ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;840&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases.&amp;#x201d; These amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures. These amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will adopt this guidance effective with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; month period ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2019 (&lt;/div&gt;the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of Fiscal Year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;). The Company can elect to record a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the beginning of the year of adoption or apply a modified retrospective transition approach. The Company expects that substantially all of its operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and will be recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. The Company anticipates ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet. The impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; is non-cash in nature
 as such
 it will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash flows. The cumulative adjustment to be recorded as right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities
 upon adoption
 is expected to be in the range of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
500
000&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
900

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#x201c;ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). This guidance
 as amended by subsequent ASUs on the topic
 supersedes current guidance on revenue recognition in ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue Recognition.&amp;#x201d; ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; provides that revenues are to be recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received for those goods or services. This new standard does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; impact the Company's recognition of revenue from sales of confectionary items to our franchisees and others
 or in Company-owned stores as those sales are recognized at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales taxes and discounts. The standard also did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; change the recognition of royalties and marketing fees from franchised or licensed locations
 which are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the sales occur. The standard changed the timing in which the Company recognizes initial fees from franchisees and licensees for new franchise locations and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement. The Company's policy for recognizing initial franchise and renewal fees through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;was to recognize initial franchise fees upon new store opening and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement upon renewal. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. Beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;initial franchise fees are being recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the term of the franchise agreement

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;using the modified retrospective method. This method allows the new standard to be applied retrospectively through a cumulative catch-up adjustment recognized upon adoption. As a result

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.9&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28







431

997







  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

 Inc. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;401&lt;/div&gt;(k) Plan. Eligible participants are permitted to make contributions up to statutory limits. The Company makes a matching contribution
 which vests ratably over a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-year period
 and is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/div&gt; of the employee&amp;#x2019;s contribution up to a maximum of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.5%&lt;/div&gt; of the employee&amp;#x2019;s compensation. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company&amp;#x2019;s contribution was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$70
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$68
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$66
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively


 2019 &lt;/div&gt;compared to revenue of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; of our total revenues during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  
  
  
  

 and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. As described above
 on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company acquired a controlling interest in SWRL. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements excluded the financial information of SWRL. Beginning on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of SWRL have been included in these consolidated financial statements. The Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &amp;#x201c;SWRL Loan Agreement&amp;#x201d;). This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and concurrently the Company ceased to have financial control of U-Swirl
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





179

179

272

112

384

156

489

646

356

179

272

737

545


&lt;/div&gt; stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x201c;2007&lt;/div&gt; Plan&amp;#x201d;). The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Plan allows awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units










 2019



 2019






















  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 trade receivables
 payables
 notes payable and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

















979

300

979

545

467

290

467

446

099


099












709


709


176

952

176

108

 2002
 &lt;/div&gt;under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350
&lt;/div&gt; all goodwill with indefinite lives is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer subject to amortization. Accumulated amortization related to intangible assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; subject to amortization is a result of amortization expense related to indefinite life goodwill incurred prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

320
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$446
050
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$427
840&lt;/div&gt; during the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2019 &lt;/div&gt;the Company reviewed its estimates of the future economic life of certain intangible assets. As a result of this review
 the Company accelerated the rate of amortization of certain intangible assets to better reflect their expected future value. Consistent with the treatment of a change in estimate

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;annual amortization of intangible assets
 based upon the Company&amp;#x2019;s existing intangible assets and current useful lives






629

177


 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired. Finally
 goodwill arose from business acquisitions

 an impairment loss is recognized. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl International
 Inc. pledged as collateral on the SWRL Loan Agreement. This was the result of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s inability to repay the SWRL Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
930
529&lt;/div&gt; of goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. In the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016


 CherryBerry
 Fuzzy Peach

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


916

411





136

683











160

945




















369

976


066




141








 2019 &lt;/div&gt;decreased from the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;primarily as a result of the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act recognized during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act effective for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;The revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted in income tax expense of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$421
000&lt;/div&gt; recognized in consideration of the lower enacted rate for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 the Company is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations in its major tax jurisdictions for periods before FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2013.&lt;/div&gt; The Company&amp;#x2019;s federal income tax returns have been examined for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; and the examination did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; result in any changes to the income tax returns filed for these years. The Company&amp;#x2019;s federal income tax returns are being examined for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29

 in the appropriate tax jurisdictions
 in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are changed. Management believes that
 with the exception of the deferred tax asset related to restructuring charges
 it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that RMCF will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 based on the technical merits of the position. The Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently complex. As such
 the Company is required to make judgments regarding income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax law and regulations change over time and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;result in changes to the Company's judgments which can materially affect amounts recognized in the balance sheets and statements of operations. The result of the assessment of the Company's tax positions did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have an impact on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have any significant unrecognized tax benefits and does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; anticipate a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits within the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months. Amounts are recognized for income tax related interest and penalties as a component of general and administrative expense in the statement of income and are immaterial for years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company foreclosed on the outstanding equity of U-Swirl and U-Swirl was consolidated for income tax purposes. SWRL
 along with U-Swirl has historically filed its own consolidated federal income tax return and reported its own Federal net operating loss carry forward. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;SWRL had recorded a full valuation allowance related to the realization of its deferred income tax assets. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 deductibility of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s and U-Swirl&amp;#x2019;s Federal net operating loss carryovers &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be subject to annual limitation in the event of a change in control. The Company has performed a preliminary evaluation as to whether a change in control has taken place
 and have concluded that there was a change of control with respect to the net operating losses of U-Swirl when the Company acquired its controlling ownership interest in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 2013 &lt;/div&gt;and again in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 2016 &lt;/div&gt;when the Company foreclosed on the stock of U-Swirl. The initial limitations will continue to limit deductibility of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s and U-Swirl&amp;#x2019;s net operating loss carryovers

 limited by section &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;382
&lt;/div&gt; to be approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
323
000&lt;/div&gt; with a resulting deferred tax asset of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$325

  
  
  
  

 using current enacted income tax rates and regulations. These differences will result in taxable income or deductions in future years when the reported amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled
 respectively. Considerable judgment is required in determining when these events &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;occur and whether recovery of an asset
 including the utilization of a net operating loss or other carryforward prior to its expiration
 is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not.&lt;/div&gt; Due to historical U-Swirl losses
 prior to FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company established a full valuation allowance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company took possession of the outstanding equity in U-Swirl. As a result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership increasing to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%
&lt;/div&gt; the Company began filing consolidated income tax returns in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Because of this change

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

612

764

983

371





270

842

  
  
  
  
  

  

 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on actual differences. This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the recorded value is higher than the market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and future sales potential. Cost is determined using the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  

  

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.0&lt;/div&gt; million working capital line of credit from Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A.
 collateralized by substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets with the exception of the Company&amp;#x2019;s retail store assets. Draws &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be made under the line at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of eligible accounts receivable plus &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of eligible inventories. Interest on borrowings is at LIBOR plus &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.25%&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.7%&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019). &lt;/div&gt;At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.0&lt;/div&gt; million was available for borrowings under the line of credit
 subject to borrowing base limitations. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 2019 &lt;/div&gt;and the Company believes it is likely to be renewed on terms similar to current terms. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 2014
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a business loan agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. (the &amp;#x201c;Wells Fargo Loan Agreement&amp;#x201d;) for a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.0&lt;/div&gt; million long-term line of credit to be used to loan money to SWRL to fund the purchase price of business acquisitions by SWRL (the &amp;#x201c;Wells Fargo Loan&amp;#x201d;). The Company made its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; draw of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.4&lt;/div&gt; million on the Wells Fargo Loan on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 16
 2014 &lt;/div&gt;and the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; draw was the amount outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2014. &lt;/div&gt;Interest on the Wells Fargo Loan is at a fixed rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.75%&lt;/div&gt; and the maturity date is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 15
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;The Wells Fargo Loan &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be prepaid without penalty at any time by the Company. The Wells Fargo Loan is collateralized by substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets. Additionally
 the Wells Fargo Loan is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The Wells Fargo Loan Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties

176

529

176

352

176








493

 which the Company then subleases to franchisees
 but the majority of existing locations are leased by the franchisee directly. The Company&amp;#x2019;s current policy is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; to act as primary lessee on any further franchised locations
 except in rare instances. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019

 the Company has leased space for its Company-owned locations that are now occupied by franchisees. When the Company-owned location was sold or transferred
 the store was subleased to the franchisee who is responsible for the monthly rent and other obligations under the lease. The Company's liability as primary lessee on sublet franchise outlets
 all of which is fully offset by sublease rentals





030

270











&lt;/div&gt; the Company renewed an operating lease for warehouse space in the immediate vicinity of its manufacturing operation. The following is a schedule
 by year















 the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was contracted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$880

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#x201c;SEC&amp;#x201d;) adopted amendments to certain disclosure requirements in Securities Act Release &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;33&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10532
&lt;/div&gt; Disclosure Update and Simplification. These amendments eliminate
 modify
 or integrate into other SEC requirements certain disclosure rules. Among the amendments is the requirement to present an analysis of changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in the interim financial statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-Q. The analysis
 which can be presented as a footnote or separate statement
 is required for the current and comparative quarter and year-to-date interim periods. The amendments are effective for all filings made on or after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 5
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;In light of the anticipated timing of effectiveness of the amendments and expected proximity of effectiveness to the filing date for most filers&amp;#x2019; quarterly reports
 the SEC&amp;#x2019;s Division of Corporate Finance issued a Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation related to Exchange Act Forms
 (&amp;#x201c;CDI &amp;#x2013; Question &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;105.09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 that provides transition guidance related to this disclosure requirement. CDI &amp;#x2013; Question &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;105.09&lt;/div&gt; states that the SEC would &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; object if the filer&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; presentation of the changes in shareholders&amp;#x2019; equity is included in its Quarterly Report on Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-Q for the quarter that begins after the effective date of the amendments. As such
 the Company adopted these SEC amendments on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 30
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and will present the analysis of changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in its interim financial statements in its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;Quarterly Report on Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-Q. The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; anticipate that the adoption of these SEC amendments will have a material effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; will require immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets
 which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases currently classified as operating leases under ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;840&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases.&amp;#x201d; These amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures. These amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will adopt this guidance effective with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; month period ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2019 (&lt;/div&gt;the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of Fiscal Year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;). The Company can elect to record a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the beginning of the year of adoption or apply a modified retrospective transition approach. The Company expects that substantially all of its operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and will be recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. The Company anticipates ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet. The impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; is non-cash in nature
 as such
 it will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash flows. The cumulative adjustment to be recorded as right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities
 upon adoption
 is expected to be in the range of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
500
000&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
900

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#x201c;ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). This guidance
 as amended by subsequent ASUs on the topic
 supersedes current guidance on revenue recognition in ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue Recognition.&amp;#x201d; ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; provides that revenues are to be recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received for those goods or services. This new standard does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; impact the Company's recognition of revenue from sales of confectionary items to our franchisees and others
 or in Company-owned stores as those sales are recognized at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales taxes and discounts. The standard also did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; change the recognition of royalties and marketing fees from franchised or licensed locations
 which are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the sales occur. The standard changed the timing in which the Company recognizes initial fees from franchisees and licensees for new franchise locations and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement. The Company's policy for recognizing initial franchise and renewal fees through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;was to recognize initial franchise fees upon new store opening and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement upon renewal. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. Beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;initial franchise fees are being recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the term of the franchise agreement

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;using the modified retrospective method. This method allows the new standard to be applied retrospectively through a cumulative catch-up adjustment recognized upon adoption. As a result

  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  




031

905

263

686


067

131

568





197

112

411

946


786

166

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 which range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirty-nine&lt;/div&gt; years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements

 including identifiable intangible assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying amount of such assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum




031

905

263

686


067

131

568





197

112

411

946


786

166

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  


366

800

949

429

545

916

852

882

312

964





238

346

266

961

499

074

191

210

311

276

991





963


 the Company extends credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$391
831&lt;/div&gt; of notes receivable outstanding and an allowance for doubtful accounts of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; associated with these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear interest rates ranging from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.5%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%.&lt;/div&gt; The notes mature through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 2023 &lt;/div&gt;and approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$375

  
  
  
  


  

  
  

  

 2019






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  

  


  


  
  
  
  


  
  
  


&lt;/div&gt; effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company adopted ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606.&lt;/div&gt; ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; provides that revenues are to be recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received for those goods or services. This new standard does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; impact the Company's recognition of revenue from sales of confectionary items to our franchisees and others
 or in our Company-owned stores as those sales are recognized at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales taxes and discounts. The standard also does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; change the recognition of royalties and marketing fees from franchised or licensed locations

 License Fees

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;was to recognize initial franchise fees upon new store openings and renewals that impact the term of the franchise agreement upon renewal. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. Beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;initial franchise fees are being recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the term of the franchise agreement

 or non-usage fees. The proceeds from the sale of gift cards by the franchisees are accumulated by the Company and paid out to the franchisees upon customer redemption. The Company has historically accumulated gift card liabilities and has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; recognized breakage associated with the gift card liability. The adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; requires the use of the &amp;#x201c;proportionate&amp;#x201d; method for recognizing breakage

022
720
&lt;/div&gt; a reduction in gift card liability of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
250
743&lt;/div&gt; and approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$302
094&lt;/div&gt; of associated adjustments to the deferred tax balances which are recorded in deferred income taxes. The Company did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; record any contract assets. The following table outlines the adjustments to the consolidated financial statements made upon adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

022

250



 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;using the modified retrospective method. This method allows the new standard to be applied retrospectively through a cumulative catch up adjustment recognized upon adoption. As a result


072

072


897

897

 current portion






842

842



571

571


166

166

 less current portion




046

046


433

433









203


900

940


638

352

352

647

647



057

250









207

394

813


176

176


166

166



131

131

419


345

556


482

940


638









 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;annual revenue expected to be recognized in the future
 related to performance obligations that are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yet fully satisfied







352



&lt;/div&gt; upon adoption of adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606
&lt;/div&gt; the Company began recognizing franchise fees over the term of the associated franchise agreement
 which is generally a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; years. Prior to FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; franchise fee revenue was recognized upon opening of the franchise store. In addition to the initial franchise fee

 the Company is required to pay a portion of franchise fee revenue
 or royalty fees to parties the Company has contracted with to assist in developing and growing a brand. The agreements generally include Development Agents
 or commissioned brokers who are paid a portion of the initial franchise fee
 a portion of the ongoing royalty fees
 or both. When such agreements exist
 the Company reports franchise fee and royalty fee revenues net of the amount paid
 or due

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  








352

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






431

997









916

411





136

683











160

945


176

529

176

352

176




















369

976


066




141












493





























979

300

979

545

467

290

467

446

099


099












709


709


176

952

176

108


612

764

983

371





270

842


022

250




072

072


897

897

 current portion






842

842



571

571


166

166

 less current portion




046

046


433

433









203


900

940


638

352

352

647

647



057

250









207

394

813


176

176


166

166



131

131

419


345

556


482

940


638


366

800

949

429

545

916

852

882

312

964





238

346

266

961

499

074

191

210

311

276

991





963


030

270





















361

324

272

737

695


144

149

356

179

272

737

545

288

310



559

955

182

267

001

264

505

222












709

004

491

876

142

514


434

439

000

056

876

142

074

623

791



795

124

157

729

134

125

793

940












319

951

678

710

216

556


254

260

945

423

710

216

296

495

609


017

855

395

216

900

101

124

075

418






238






288























629

177


 Inc. Franchising
 Manufacturing
 Retail Stores
 U-Swirl operations and Other. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; to these consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on operating contribution
 which excludes unallocated corporate general and administrative costs and income tax expense or benefit. The Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable segments are strategic businesses that utilize common merchandising
 distribution
 and marketing functions

361

324

272

737

695


144

149

356

179

272

737

545

288

310



559

955

182

267

001

264

505

222












709

004

491

876

142

514


434

439

000

056

876

142

074

623

791



795

124

157

729

134

125

793

940












319

951

678

710

216

556


254

260

945

423

710

216

296

495

609


017

855

395

216

900

101

124

075

418






238






288

 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9.1&lt;/div&gt; percent
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues from external customers during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;compared to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13.4&lt;/div&gt; percent of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues from external customers during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  



  



  

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; stock-based compensation plan
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan

772
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$591
839
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$584
893&lt;/div&gt; related to equity-based compensation expense during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which requires recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;tax benefits or expense resulting from the difference in the compensation cost recognized for stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax expense included in net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$34

&lt;/div&gt; the Company granted &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;restricted stock units. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;stock options granted to employees during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; or FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; The restricted stock unit grants generally vest &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; annually over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; years. The Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$463
795&lt;/div&gt; of consolidated stock-based compensation expense related to grants made in prior years during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; compared with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$532
739&lt;/div&gt; in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$564
473&lt;/div&gt; in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$114
183

000&lt;/div&gt; fully vested
 unrestricted shares of stock to non-employee directors during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;compared to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; shares issued during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; issued during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;In connection with these non-employee director stock issuances
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$24
480
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20
420&lt;/div&gt; of stock-based compensation expense during year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan to an independent contractor providing information technology consulting services to the Company. These shares were issued as a part of the compensation for services rendered to the Company by the contractor. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$59
100&lt;/div&gt; in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;During the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3
333&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan to the former Vice President of Creative Services. These shares were issued in consideration of services rendered prior to retirement and based on the number of unvested restricted stock units that were forfeited upon retirement. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$31
497&lt;/div&gt; in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 6
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 15
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 5
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 14
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 4
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 7
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 23
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 14
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;which was paid on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 15
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 5

 among other things
 the Company's results of operations
 financial condition
 capital requirements

 2014
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company publicly announced a plan to repurchase up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.0&lt;/div&gt; million of its common stock in the open market or in private transactions
 whenever deemed appropriate by management. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 13
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company announced a plan to purchase up to an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
058
000&lt;/div&gt; of its common stock under the repurchase plan
 and on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 21
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company announced a further increase to the repurchase plan by authorizing the purchase of up to an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
090
000&lt;/div&gt; of its common stock under the repurchase plan. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company repurchased &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35
108&lt;/div&gt; shares under the repurchase plan at an average price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.01&lt;/div&gt; per share. The Company did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; repurchase any shares during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$638


 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company announced that its Board of Directors has declared a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;FY2020&lt;/div&gt; cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per common share outstanding. The cash dividend will be payable &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 14
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;to shareholders of record at the close of business &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 4

 &lt;/div&gt;the Company&amp;#x2019;s Compensation Committee awarded &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;270
000&lt;/div&gt; restricted stock units to eligible employees of the Company. The awards vest over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; years and have a grant date fair value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
536







  
  
  
  

 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the consolidated financial statements

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  













    
    


    


    


    




        


        





      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        

          




      




      

        

          




      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


          




      




      


          




      




      


          




      




      


          




      




      


          




      




      


          




      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      



































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Option



    


    


    


    
    


    



 Restricted Stock Unit



    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    














    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options







    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    






    
    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Award Vesting Rights



    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    



 Impairment



    


    


    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Amount



    

 Inc.



    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Asset
 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments



    
    
    






    
    


    


    




    


    






    










    
    








    







 plant and equipment











    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 before Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    

 excluding property
 plant
 and equipment that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle



    




    


    

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    


    






    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Liability

    
    










    

 Shares



    
    


    
    










    


    




    

 Interest Rate











    


    






    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    




    
    


    


    



 exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of $555
926
 $523
034
 and $447
651
 respectively



    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    

 Allowance for Credit Loss



    




    
    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    







 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    






    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    

 Net

    


    


    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    








    





 less current portion and valuation allowance of $0 and $17
500


 less current portion











    

 Operating Lease



    

 Operating Lease



    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    



 $.001 par value
 46
000
000 shares authorized
 5
957
827 shares and 5
903
436 shares issued and outstanding

    


    














    


    


    


    
    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    



 $.001 par value per share; 250
000 authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 authorized 50
000 shares Undesignated series
 authorized 200



    
    






    
    


    








    
    


    
    



















 Goodwill




 less reserve for slow moving inventory of $371
147 and $357
706

    








    




    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    


    
    










    



 current portion
 less current portion of the valuation allowance of $0 and $9
000


 current portion



    


    
    


    






    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $489
502 and $479
472





    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    





 Plant and Equipment



    



 Plant and Equipment



    

 Liability

    
    


    
    


    


    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards







    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Liability



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Grant Date Fair Value

    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Credit Risk



    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    

 Continuing Operations



    


    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    



 Remaining Performance Obligation
 Expected Timing of Satisfaction


 Remaining Performance Obligation
 Expected Timing of Satisfaction




 Remaining Performance Obligation




 Remaining Performance Obligation
 Expected Timing of Satisfaction



    
    



 Remaining Performance Obligation



    




    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    






    


    






    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    




    


    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    



 12-09



    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    
    


    


    








    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 rmcfd20190228_10kimg001.jpg









M0#^+(/%;L7Q9\


MLUO-





M_#1GPER?^*D?_P !9/\ XFC_ (:
^$O_ $
K_P#@+)_\367M8=S;V%3^5GK=




M+ZG #M\V


IF&</\
MQP



^-GAV?2WFU6UN+*\09
$:^8)#Z*?\:\]YE%2B
MI/6)JJ%9Q4HQT/

L1GVKF?[&
MU31OA?X%_M:QELI;SQ9]K2*52'5&(QN';.*]LTWXV^'YM

?ZB)
M9.I?W2[K_ (0V*QOI[2W\



M&7Z5V/V56]M?^'15XL]




MXBNN7]HSX2E Q\1R GL;63(_\=K95J;V9@\/53^$];HKR3_AHSX2_P#0R/\


MZ]*]KN/V;?A'9VTES=6U]!#&I=Y'OWH!U))ZN)_9&^YXO_ -^V_P#:E=A^
MU%K=QI?PB2QMY&C_ +3O$@DVG!:
 N5_$@5QTU!4%.2.VK*I+$.$9
XW2_ ?
M[



MT_2_#!C\Q;B./R8R


OVFO J^'8

MQ#XHO;:WU76%3S$GS



-O'9CB
($
C+CL#P/I5O$3EKTV1+HQNDWTNSZ1



Y

M'.D3@.ZCV.

(#TLQ=R_W=W7&/N\]:\$U;3-


MGO7/JK]D;[GB_P#W[;_VI77?M2Z/-J/PCCOX5+#3;U)I


MW*V







^JL_P#



.0WS+S7B_[.?A

\#M4/@/P/IGP_\)+X;TBXN)[597FWW#!GRW7H!6\J3=12





MGL]+N5Q++&X




M1T'THKP#Z$])^&7Q;U7X7+J@TS2;34/[1:-G^TNR[-@/3;_O5Z+_ 

MA3TG_O\ 2445O'$5(Q23



M2?\ O])1_P -9^*?^A3TG_O])113^M5NX?4Z/8/^&L_%7_0IZ3_W^DH_X:S\




CV[

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseAndRoyaltyFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSoldDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AssetsNoncurrentOtherThanPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rmcf_UndesignatedSeriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ProceedsFromPaymentsForSaleOrDistributionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ProceedsFromPaymentsForTaxBenefitExpenseOfStockAwardsFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 rowspan=1 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDisclosures'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 10%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 10%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 7%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 5%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=3 rowspan=1 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringImpairmentAndOtherActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 5%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table cellpadding=0pt cellspacing=0pt style=margin: 0pt auto 0pt 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_DisaggregationOfRevenueTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=8 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=12 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=12 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table cellpadding=0pt cellspacing=0pt style=margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 5px 0px 0px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 5px 0px 0px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 15%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 5px 0px 0px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 18%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardBreakagePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_InsuranceAndSelfinsuranceReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfStoresTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 rowspan=1 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ScheduleOfFutureSubleaseRentalPaymentsTableTextBlock'

 Times

 238

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 255

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 238

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 255

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 10%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 10%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 7%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 5%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=3 rowspan=1 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 4%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 5%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ReconciliationOfRevenueReportedForPeriodsPriorToTheAdoptionOfASC606TableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0pt cellspacing=0pt style=margin: 0pt auto 0pt 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=8 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=12 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
<div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=12 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock'

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 15%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 5px 0px 0px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 18%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 15%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 5px 0px 0px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 18%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 15.5%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 18.1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); width: 17.2%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 32%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 0px 0px 5px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); border-left: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 15%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; padding: 0px 5px 0px 0px; border-right: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 18%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 0
 0); width: 17%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-right: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_RoyaltyOnRetailSalesOfProductsPurchasedFromTheCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=rmcf_IndependentContractorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=rmcf_VicePresidentOfCreativeServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=rmcf_UnrestrictedSharesOfStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_MarketingAndPromotionFeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchiseFeeRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_ProductsSoldMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchiseFeeRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=rmcf_UswirlInternationalIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=rmcf_SecuredByAssetsFinancedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FinancingReceivableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PercentOfRetailSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FinancingReceivableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PercentOfRetailSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_RockyMountainChocolateFactoryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_OwnershipAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2019-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2020-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2021-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2022-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2023-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2024-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_SoldNotYetOpenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_OpenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresAndKiosksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresAndKiosksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresAndKiosksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_ColdStoneCreameryCobrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_ColdStoneCreameryCobrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_ColdStoneCreameryCobrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_InventoryPackaging'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=rmcf_WellsFargoBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=rmcf_EligibleAccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_MaximumDrawsAllowed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=rmcf_EligibleInventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_MaximumDrawsAllowed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FranchisorDisclosureAxis=us-gaap_FranchisedUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FranchisorDisclosureAxis=us-gaap_FranchisedUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PurchaseContractsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PurchaseContractsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=rmcf_RetailOperationsFacilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=rmcf_WarehouseSpaceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=rmcf_TruckingEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseContingentRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAdjustmentOfDeferredTaxAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_USwirlSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationImpactOfTaxReformPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsSelfInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetTaxExpenseBenefitsRealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetTaxBenefitsReleased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceImpactOfTaxReform'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalAuthorizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberOfPriorPlanSharesAuthorizedAndIncorporated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_FranchisingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_ManufacturingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_RetailSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_USwirlSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_DefinedContributionPlanEmployersMatchingContributionVestingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_CompanyStoresGoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_FranchisingGoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_ManufacturingSegmentGoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_StoreDesignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingDesignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_TrademarksAndNonCompetitionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_TrademarksAndNonCompetitionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_TrademarksAndNonCompetitionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=rmcf_LossOnDistributionOfAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=rmcf_LeaseSettlementCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateFairValueAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=rmcf_CorrectionToRetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=rmcf_CorrectionToAccruedLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=rmcf_CorrectionToDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2019-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2020-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2021-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2022-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2023-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2024-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RestatementAxis=srt_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_CalculatedUnderRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2019-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2020-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2021-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2022-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2023-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis=2024-03-01'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_FranchisingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_ManufacturingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_RetailSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FactorySalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FactorySalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FactorySalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FactorySalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FactorySalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_RoyaltyAndMarketingFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_RoyaltyAndMarketingFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_RoyaltyAndMarketingFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_RoyaltyAndMarketingFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_RoyaltyAndMarketingFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
NFD!:5&7]-.($Q<0M<KPMHFFCQ*C=V].6
MK1.!^ 8^\_GSY)K# J[2,^QQ394;H9?-




!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M



MVOXY255Q8X?JG.A&7YTI*I,:)I.DHH7=;Q>NKF=6B_EU91%+78JTM>JXNK?
M1I3ROHI)_#;Q7)POIIU(ULN&G\5/87XU.V5'R1#E6%2BUH6L(R5.J_B1++;4
M$1SB=R'N>O0=M5O92_G2#KX=5W':KDB4XF#:$-R^;N))E&4;R:[C;Q\T'C1;
MXOC[+?H7MWF[F3W7XDF6?XJCN:SB61P=Q8E?2_,L[U]%OZ$\COK=?Q


0

ME9+YA#(:N@*XX0GT

PP3J
_PKIG\P=6Y

O

M;G/[]Y

_^WZHC]W]?-?WI[NBZ#:[





B[WUAU+W5'J&E%W=0P@N!F#
X[8/V*!0E@[/&:\AL

(Z51

'^@8Z55

MAY


MX_)[S:)PR'E0)M[ JQI053-8U28

M])XW+Y] Y1/GBA50M3

!


M9G*'XA.?@@]W%E2F*\-D'UP9*9?I,WIR,F+ 8((SN!J62!UAF5R?@A23
M@C)K6/%Y0'V\-:/X/*!H24L#:


M:&5E=#

M][6-0RB+\H(]XW-FYHP9IR/CKZ(!D
X[)9W(W$;*?H^0*!J@6-RQ'CIU4C%.


M?+K='NN?R-]'JON%=IIFFS/5'J&\USQY2-%5Q[&0PP0)%A!_1B 5?
X0;&4X


MA=&JX%M8%-TG\;IS:'%/%'AM9D X!1LZJ?4NO/.8/0;ZGE?^@QJ_:5H^PTRS


M=
_;:E]V7YIC=4C?O#3MONS3;?NZZ(YM56[&H'V]0&/\8E_N#O.'Y?CLL7U8


MR^&E@#M*B_D\/!S7;OPN9=NEI^\/A5DNWH=Q)LGJ+






L/GG%DEG+4K61LY_


RF
TPFW1FDV1VY

M.M%)3?)L $SF]:/


M(EVWYZ/6\TW?'*=CY
7E+/OA/U!+ P04      S=+U. 7LY\-T  !J#


!%7P7Q (N'?U9)
MI95U4JMM-JJ[;63. E:P-0XR?;M:QL6@9F$W 3;G!E_
UA'SN+*Q5MS8DPZ


MU
SKL^SSDE5-SBM'L



ML=%41A.F641L%$269&'BXS@!BA
@.)F%TVJBP3[$(IDJ
D((SA&B'.&4 ZQ=

+CA-8![

0# 7$W

-$C45[^VTGDM?=S=[K_UZL_@-02P
$
M%     @ 

]?:TW7[=/5=5
OJ^6Z^W9]*EIGD]FL^W=4[6:




M9MV
JF5UUW0FYNW'M^JR6BX[2^T\_AV



MR[:I5X.5=BJK^??=YV+=?[X.]G\

.;@
M #\
'! ' ;$GQ[Z-<QV=[=_7%?S9GY^NJE?)YM=Q#W/
MN\#.3V(;$'?=Q?[Y][^U3VS;7OUVGAMS.OO6&1HPESN
&6'L&'-%&#?&7!/&


.8D
M3HDY]JK&7('+*V3

93%[/^JN!] H[#*7:YX4


^9YG
'02]]DA8W')2MY N3


MT]@M((2\(!.@?!MHJ;D; ':1:X

$Y5)R%8)*
MH$90
'F(H(95W&22HY73+ \&Y!GE]8&1LISEW0R13.-4I6/+NTSC92GMM]
M9Z8X8G$V(

BK(Y!_$5.PL+!6J9E4JT6A9?
M2]OX=&=A0=FL:HK%C9+9:R(





AZD)**8F !5JLF.=FI'S1J3NLI)Z(JM\I#Y%NI-!
M4)J?HFQ1E
:7VNFMF:\:\LS9':PF4Z6])OA:&1-2^2YH74#X!\VA:9O3G


M/YWOCNK^

UO]]_658/3?=OM^3-
M[HCL[DM3/P_'?V?[
\CG_P-02P
$%     @ 
W2]3I5*&?JP!0  PQL  !@

MW]^C_S0FGY+Y4G7UJMG^M7GHGV_G83Y[J!^KEVW_N7G[N9X2LO/9E/VO]6N]



MC5MHW(+



R 8Y!FL0



MC1@F%SHZA]A5

H$H'W) J6S?1R2<7KR3*%
M$:89 9IYN8P@M
4R
7


E2RQ4&L


M440=32R]WF!

I


UA.C);G
[M[OX%4$L#





M-_O]!%L'I!

M7HO-89^Q:R:8DYC3+J,F2.89Y]3I&LI3NE_\'0=OEU5N(WP[3N%AW6W2K!
6#OTO@F_\+':?_.32.T
M)1=T_F5C_VM$!UY*<N-'J/4?;#8DUX<]_YLQC$;#8?=](/8_(V+OU!+ P04

M%D0=25HQ?CB\95K(GI9Y]%ULF9O1*]G#Q1(W:BWL[S
H
Q4TH2^.1]EV/CA8
MF0^BA6_@OP\7BQ9;56JIH7?2]
14]#[Y'3. CX?DB8W.9
0B578YZ\;DN
MZ$D! HJ'Q0$;C=X *6$*;Q:]&D:\A W)Y?U#_&VK&6JW#P8-1/6?NNH$=*
M:FC$J/RCF3[!4L\;2I;BO\ -%,)#)ABC,LK%E52C\T8O*IB*%L_S+ONX3_--
MFBVT?0)?'PE'&


X9O
2NH?H:@N^%.//_Z'R?GNYFF$9ZNHU^/.X+9+L613(
M_BF1ORIQ#Y.^L(V/=5@VSA-CE1F[.,D;[SKP-[S^9_X?.T?Q6VE;TC5^/Q
M96/_&V


[

PVQG@



M]](]XO -IGKVE$S%_X K2 \/F?@8)4H;5U+VUJ&:5'PJBK^
N]!Q'\:;?3K1

&9VQ%O//)6^^]%MO/




D%\3D87^J[D)
M(*%R08'[[0J/(&40\FG\GC7I$C(0U^=7]4^Q=E_+A5MX1/E+U*XK:$9)#0T?

M
7M3XA;F_DT0MNJI M/&:;*DPD''25YYEX%]2.*;_(-/T_Z-FU9H2R[H_
O&

$%     @
M
W2]3@.3:/VW 0  T@

M


M?(/PO;\XM-C4DL-QDMKB(.FH/?9Z7R(\2G@AX31K\XD5G*U]BD:G^N[J(@
M4%%R!PN\$#*!6)4
:OF9
N*2-P?7YA_YAJQUJNPL.#53]E';J'BFIH1&#
MH]V_ 1S/6\HF8O_ C=0&!Z58([**I]64@T^6#VSH!0MGJ==FK2/T\W^_0S;
M!O 9P!? 


39B6-OJNA
K4AW*-ZC]U;B@^;L
M%HGFF/



RYX;6QM

MA&;

MG'
_N*0#FE?; #CRKE5K

GR
H'#*ZH5?'LZP;%QPL3SM1PPNX




M




MG 4?17 RS*N.UTHB8[VS1MTB:3;=K^9O2J9


MO]W@$90*0CZ-WXLF74
&XO;\JOXIUNYKN0H+CZA^R=IU!3U24D


MPC'&87.@F/E'X429&YR(F7L_B/#$Z8G[WE3!&5L1[WSRUGMO)4\^Y.P6A!;






.4T8

MS8MM 1QYU:JS.6V=ZX^
_@?O1GXRVV
MJ%120V<E=L1 G=.'Y'A* SXGB6

M0:D@Y-/X-6O2)60@KL]OZI]B[;Z6B[#PB.JGK%R;TP
E%=1B4.X)Q\\PUW-+


EMQJY!:

M89(%P;SZ$H)OA3CQ_^A\F[[?S' ?Z?MU]


<]:^ 7N=W\RWB*+
M2LTE*,NU0@:: M^DA^,^X/@B<-H5V<4*CEK_1*


DK[S*P-S2^R0=\FO8'9EJN+#IKYU\V]K_1VH%/);GR
M(]3Y#[88 AH7CE_]V4QC-AE.]_


!ZKG.Y0J@]$%!X':%


M-@6*F7\17A29-2.Q4^][$9YX?^38FS(X8ROB'2;OT'LM.-]G[!J$9LQIPO 5





YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$
M!X1=UINN5K:E;*JJD5IIE:K-





M^



_N*2#L2^N
M ?#D5:O69;3QOCLRYHH&M' WIH

M1M_9YJGIO9(MGUQO=;_CF!






L$8A5$NKJ3HG3=Z4L%4M'@==]G&?1AO#GRBK1/X1. S(8EQV!@H

M-=@Z3I


97.#(]3@






M

RSUO*-D*?XK




MVT81(&VVJEJIE:*MVCX[
%RTMH?:)FS_OK8AE*:\X)GAG#
7C[
1S:MM 1QY


MCL1

!  #2 P  &0



:^N1K DP^M&I?2

Q;\'Y7J1T%0H!;D/@*/

_MY2
S?^ 
RB$ATHP
M1VZ4BU^2=\X;/:I@*5I\#*=LXMF/^A?:
H&/!'Y%8$.B6/DWX4666-
3.\R^



ME^F;Q0HWD;Z99]_ME@6VBP+;*+#]I\7[JQ:7
-=)V&RF&FP5M\F1W'1-W.19
M=%K8!Q[OY L^;/M/82O9.'(R'F\VSK\TQ@.6LKK!%:KQ@4V.@M('\QYM.ZS9

$%     @ 
W2]3GT;)O*V 0  T@


58+CZ9MF1LLB#J2M&(\2=XS+61/RSSZ+K;





V&


!#^*Y9_0)TXK(LB0&HZ39VT25&G
MK9\=.


/Y
FG5
&XM*^JG^-
&A$I^C0&7CEQ2]
M=:@G%5^*%F_C*=MX#I/^E;9.X!.!WQ#8FA6_D4XD:<&!V+&V7<B7/'VP/UL


M='



MZ/V6


7.. IN'Q?Q*.K:
=D\_@RD
MZ:CI F_?W]D_^\/;P[QP+1YE_;O:F]

MTF0X_3=Q
M$;6%NTRLQD[6VO\FN[

QP^@QG.?/CL0X8Y)IA#@KDGF'\@*((C(DR)11909 $(
MEH$(PPR+))#D1P0T$ $82+?NX B!28!2((



M8=]5/Z?UR.[808EXR\^0=02P
$%     @ 
W2]3D_0ZV*S 0  T@
  !D

MIO1AO3]L0WY



L /@+X%8 -A:+R;\*+++&F)W:8
%=\L$VT6;238?B&XOVIQ*6=W583-9JK 5G&;'
E-I^
F
<!CKM_/\.YW7^ MQQ[]V[XT@'-&^V 7#D7:O69K1QKCLP


8ZKFE9K^*UQ ^?@Q.<H4-FX
MDJ*W#O7$XJ5H\3[NLHW[







YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!X1=UDDW*]M2-E'42JVT
M2M7FF;7'-@IX7

Z=DR=#;*^U
M,'^/H'#(Z):^.9YDW;C@8'G:B1I^@OO5G8RWV*Q22@VME=@2 U5&[[:'8Q+P
M$?!;PF 79Q(J.2.^!.-;F=%-2 @4%XH+]=X!Z4D(^C3^3)IU#!N+R_*;^
M&&OWM9R%A7M4S[)T34;WE)10B5ZY)QR^PE3/-253\=_A LK#0R8^1H'*QI44

#


<HN06C'$<,7VV
X)Y]3D$7PMQY)_H?)V^
M6\UP%^F[)7U_LRZ0K HD42!Y5^+N0XEKF.1#$+;HJ093QVFRI

N;P&









'C$JHZ

N(45\L(I_%*?I C_STV%MA


%6O3S6T6!RG_ U!+ P04      S


RYX;6QU
M5.N.G 4?A7 RR.SNATHB8[N]FT29M
MNGV-Z/'2Q;$ H[;MR^@:ZU+_PCG
M\%W.02 =A7Q5#8!&;YQU*L.-UOV)$%4TP*FZ$SUT9J42DE-M0ED3U4N@I2-Q
M1L(@B FG;8?SU.4N





/_Y78G7)/$(A!L3'R;:

.4\8






MW)7I0.--9:P2'DU;



]5Q3
A7_$RX@$1XRP1B%D2ZNI.B=
B]YPK<INP2A7

7R!^40P5)]#\+401_X?G:_3D]4

MTG=+^F&_+ILB11(/FGQ-M/):YA/@=ABYXJ

.=_YLQC$;#8?=](/8
M_(WS=U!+ P04      S=+U.?%1FD;@!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='

MJ.#K H[;MQ]@U_
Z_P'NY9QS/[@D/9I76P

U
!]'4-BG

MA0_3_B1


M&RT7%W\_?L=EPWI2^!&9]SY@PP*2:EWTP/8-&[X-*4N+=V.!!BZAX$-7=J
M .F^M$H+:EVH.V(&#;0))




.\T#/M_2'
 ZN&94S)^E]1_0902P,$%     @ ,W2]3@!B1]VV 0  T@,  !D   !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T







^EQGD$UOJH60*
WSGJ5XU;KX42(

I6#*
M_:)R5%KP1<64PNG;O':]6Z=%_T[S$Z*%$.T(9#9RE7^@FA:9%!.2\]D/U/[%
MX2DR9U/:I#L*]\T4KTSV5L3Q,2,W*[1@SC,FVF#%4&
^FH1^2S.T3_TR$^/


/\YBM1KDGH$
MXIV)#Y/L3

M;5/M;ILP%'T5RP]0)X2D401(3:MJDS8IZK3MMP
7L.H/9IO0O?VN#66LXX_M





&UL


CE1ETG.25=QG8AS2^R5_X-.U?N6V%=N1J/+YL
M[']CC =

:'XSL\VVG
)L.;?OY!;/G&Y1]02P
$%     @
M
W2]3@\+M Q'!P  



WJ;.$:!:/FP7C)HFV

?



7B[N@Z1!&!5TB]
^Q#$_76

MG@-1



T1S31W-

M7CK:ADX *HKYB*-NR$0&#9)!(MJ&'5L &91+[$L3+UG(%M80Q3)H.2(5JP5U
MRQ#8YT\ T*D#&WU#E


RV L$

$Y)Y0+)(Z1!(1V\J#H.Z



M*E'K35@8TZP)T?L*JX?9 .UO7.4JN+&3M6)Z$8!/_BB2I XBN:DXF4=9JE?

(V6Y&EX77LI38=PR=*&G^ [F!_-5MD9&2B'

@P

M61CTW7^%P@K=T[L'GLIM/\,]F=M9-53K)6*OW77LO;7MN=?R_"N^(AP+*
M_EN0] 7)70'IG/E6G[GA6:ID&ZCNVVJX^U'0=6(?YMXM^F?G[]ENM5V]9QA
M*;DX4*]YZC3QC29^K\@_*I+Y/PVQ#@8;,6HC]@#VSL8,!R0H($$ \[L^,,T
MWX2AFS $L
0!

1


6&#W8W@M[L@\3 4?CA@L[5MWQUDV
;/JCFPS_'[*_
M4$L#!!0    ( #-TO4Y7DDPSL@

M:&5E=#0U+GAM;(W8VVZ;0! &X%=!/$!@3^!$MJ4F5=5*K12E:GM-[+6- JP+
M:SM]^P(FEI/]1YJ;&
@R
[OP
3;SDVM?NIVU/GJMJZ9;Q#OO]W=)TJUVMBZZ


;


(XXG=I3]W5=C1
Y=FYEV'GVWH1IT-%MK(K/X0H^H^C?;!5

MTX1




M42!)C@-H&$ SJM1!E2+#.0S


MQ9PDAY
$+6E&:) 8E$2@B*XD
2C) 25#4!EUEV%1$HDB.I/$HB1'E&0W)XE%
M22 J(QYSHM2'%&*W9X4]J2 IXP*@3TICB?%;D^*^'H'/&7$15'8D^)X4J&G
MC)O


MXTD#3X0&C4%I!(IH4!J#TAQ0.@1U2U6*16DDBOK%1/QD8OUFD41&C0&I1$H
MHC]I#$IS0.D0%/&,TAB41J(]J0Q*


)#2)N
8

R'$XFY$2N*?$2 GC*B1O(
M8$^&X\F$G@@






MP


$%     @
M

M2[#-[.Z


4DJ&:OL=[K5AX4;NLY6[I)3II_5Y8OL!/FNTZG_)L\R,_:B:FQ45G5


$& %000A.B:.4.$*)6Y1:C#^H](D1
JC3$D)@@H;1Q#GY*!T?



G*5U$V


R[;M:R=:';N6







\&OGJCW0T7-ML-3HO^NO5FT_XY]I_LI


+URUX\QG41B
)$8()C ! 0D(!_W

 .]2$1Q$@=UG6I21.*:-XJ)0QJ#(&5#!

 $)


Z:0*@)Q4@[MOFKG&?*?BE)72VW&E/X_V(W;D7#%-B%YT[:F^

M&'\5+8#TWGHZB

'Q

MK]1S=._ \2HX7@%/'/![#7:9\?JPP]1A_E@W
Z.;



M;'U3T4[C



G0NW&U5K,
M'HK+YIC!R\4


M?/R.&8RP26O\J#YRLQ.M)5OML
NA%[76#E!O=H'_O\'7

M@=-=''\VOL'B&U!+ P04      S=+U.0$_#&   !8   &0   'AL+W=O


A M-.;.6<B::3.5ETU$MC)!=4\H&&8!#6K&C_?N+6#S#?BJGG5



GX-PR&1]_

[:]7?B= C# ^@00,< VN^E%W+.
M/S'-\HT4G2?[Y+?,/F/R2$UNKOH4N'N&?/*K-[RF*2;X&:)!LR^Q] )AHR(


-25;S@%)Q=.F@

WFI
M&N4=A3;MQ36!LQ :C)?PP:2M-&U^G' X:SM
S5CVO:Z?:-$.?3P8/R;R?U!+


M970U
BYX;6R5EFUOVR 0Q[^*Y0]0^_!3761UD[3)FU2U6G;:YJ0Q*IM/!)
M]^T'-K42.*+M30SXN-\=N3^^Y9F+5WE@3$5O7=O+57Q0:KA/$KDYL([*.SZP

+H=-W5M0M*T3#K:]/%Z.:X]B?62'U7;].Q)1/+8=53\


MZZ7@YTA
AS]0\Q_#/=%GLS&+XU&


-L4%
MAQ1UD%.@G +AY ZG\#EYF%.BG!+A% ZG1#A9D%.AG KAE ZG^J]\%BAG@7 J

('3/FN



RYX;6QUE&%OFS 0AO\*\@^HP8$FBP!I
MZ31MTB9%G=9]=N (J#9FMA.Z?[^S31%*Z)?89[_W/G?&3CXJ_6I: !N]2=&;




]J_ 93/QF)IN9_P!4$
MRETER*B4





X*
V

;?
:8[I53&^?@6_:NN7=9RP)QL:?VG.HIR



M5:N?_1C_9K

MK Y1L$9R]PNUJ#=;OY/;P^7J-0M1D'I7%6C4Y(



UU#^A%3RT
M@



MFS 0_!7$!QQ@











M2P
$%     @ 
W2]3C



IT=CNOLLT]NC:+B^DYUH















3_4[5


MVJ$FINOFSX'^7)D)ME^G?:?K*77TD@2A&SL7(]1CUAW&'6/\Q3TFG6+F \+1





2QSRJ\J(.U\M^[;E9+_79E$6MGIN@/5=5WOS9

C].SXV=19.775&INBUT'31JOPH_P.
3
ML

.Z(5*FVIG.1V\=%9:HL.T^6X_?H-)QB
M=H:WXW?O'_O-V\V\Y*W*=/FKV)GC*DS#8*?V^;DTW_3UDQHWQ
)@W/T7=5&E



'9]PFS@2B*O*?%7*Y4WZ[F HD.1W+@PU \C
M9!([
+X*DCBF










/\=KD 4





M

*\PEM2W?;FK


MK Q@F2L(#6=*P@

M4V^PP/

$H:EW5)8

M-K. F

M64'



$%
M  @ 

:^,MG+GUTIU6X1D50,C\H%WT.HW9RX847HK
M+DAV LC))C&*<! DB)&F]<OQ@ZB+/A5T::%@_#DE3$B?NV!\G[GA_X]\-Q<

9Q]1\PG#K=8GTUE@O8H

M=#8R+GAM;(66VXZ;


MC?:6K.1(R+L\?#_M[94$ @PYEQ&06&YP (QE(('QMX]I#RFEXWA_C_Y5U2YJ

DM;QT[-QFHUZ2=QAMIW$'A
MB.A#L^4(O4T=V^:X* K_.U4DADDD1G-];I*_]@4F<XJU/7!#.,PV-)UDG6
M2E)WW?(B/S3#!D;80,OB;X(9;*E6<U8'RHR/<^HF@GGVLBY-C1U
^/4-5I3

MW1I)MSJI/_O*4EVCD2Y*)AB1$2



#LC1(
M
(*A
7 *<T8@9P0TUVI;$<TH/N'
M]M60C+L


MN+(R$#D#D!
+&=+8IQG29!8NH
'VF?#NKO.6\J

G]:UX9YVF\1/2


F]IS68\_Y.MQ';L)JZS

M@!H!'9H#\D^5\X?Z0&VQD27QFEVBM]U=*M+)J.)'IVI.SBY5!Q3=2)4TKF;U





M5=O/Q#[;*




M;\VRX'TDY1JW[7*[^W]T^[SMVM6AEQ+*:OY]_WNQWOU^V?\E_FB&&[A# _?:
MP(:S#?RA@?_9@
XVH$
#&MJ #PU8-)CLQ[Z;S-F\FU]?;MJ7T6:_'I[F_;*S

'8


6R3D%
KGX++4-LT%4_Y9.7#07R:.



A:5[=H+R%L3G50J '+

#G7

EP4CX(J(Y!QPZ Y;
MG$
65QF]PS[CM

M'*2_ \Q2Y




M!\M.*AT @S&4LER\J

M
E*V1I8@

M2AOJ*TBK($TH*BGH44] '%1#\S13UA%22D@K4NL K2 !5$C
I^K6JRSCF+



W[VLBQUC'2NHIC
M8Z'J!UK)6IO_E$


9[:A=8[GB W+$6)[7PWT1F9Y'34+&X,1W


[
F1D8%SWCKZ(B1'IO#6W%VJ^D




A

MR%:]A
$XK/,JL%NB0OS/$W1!QU'3MW(H3NQ=*-%( 3ST&K[=HF*(-Q:JEV


M;ILP$'\5Q /4! C)(H)4$DV=M$E1IW6?'7()J#:FMA.ZM]_9$$J(VWP(]O'[

Q*.:_]QMMHF!F\!+Q6T:K3V35[(5[-YL=A[0<F


3%R83]HY=YK
'0*3AN8N
M3.0V29PFB4
@GIATF
1B:HM9!/B;?-M[%/9DBMHZ4
D8U:5

M0IQK;0['*#H




(S_X#4$L#!!0    ( #-TO4XL6ODO
MO 


UH=_YVH#DT/EC;A-FWW_:! ]4U&10IV
WOJZKN


MO]W5S4 T&1V2K?UNZ[\/KZ6[BX8HZWUF\VI?Y$%I-^/P*[U[40W? O_L[:FZ










M-?. 

M1K9
WC(F9D8PL#(SG]

M&$F% @N_0!(S*:4![-$XO%8QG#3S['8^'^(/B


M@NVVP.)18B@!GB*<*]!U,?#4YZ21L9LPL-3GM#%-?^*.MQ1@3@*5FPJD.81
M$B[$S

9$(5#S
M'(

M9DS5+;:B$+05@SQ;40C8BF:#MMZ2;8%T%84@K9B$(=/2@RMJ(
W*W1Q3MU








F7T3_%48]CQX:Q7^'*S #MY68'+E@RGU1?E%:
M\#&**873MV%M6K?VPTF\'6GKA' DA!,AB#\E1


YX$  #*&   &0   'AL+W=O



ZQQ#

M8TA#0QH8TIXA30;26LC$^1Z4N;8,=. 7:\E?%BR#@I-SI)O#BNIW6.H00:


MYQK7F:8H SKH!/H C-'4.88YI=00*1XRH&DWBD5!.T!A.&4,B!\#DZEQ+
M&$SBD6)-@J


M

D5AHD,.$!^BK,?5(T0%$


=9FB:*9


LSI^)*N!2)'CD.CN9+BP]7XX

WJJVK8KA%'E75:WMO+ O
MW:([V&Q[N\GMKNTO37==7T_7KS=M=1I_.8AN/U^L_@=02P
$%     @ 
W2]

MO[N+[7S@XDW6 
K[:%DG[]6JM\C),\UM%0^\1XZ_:7BHJ5*F^**9^ 7FQ2
MRQ .@@2UM.G\

@Y4YCV]
;5+R=5'0I+?T8UZ:SZS#I
M/]+<7A*P'

M)W)PULV

63!(;L8XYV;$SLYL8
3KSCQAA/O]%4)W!SBY! 'AZPX9
L)PR3X
M9&Z)DY
X.

$%     @ 


5G^ GR5[OG:H8&E6--H1$U:SP.

MTQ^6U
3Q^*;^Q61760Y8P):1/_515FM_Z7M'..$+D:^L^PI]GL3W^O#?X0I$


FV6#]$P2I6NU_JHMEL<T]MCU#5:Y$%<8ZN
M6JC';PF'&& 8&4^K!$Z%IB$\[HX?TVSDB6MY#=@[(L]M$Y,P9&7X\XL?9
M)*:%I ;26)]A^KP,)F8=2E.S
MXA-C$I3)Q9




6
-K=6;(^
5D:K+3YYH
R(H&M6
M_BX.,E^Y<]<YT
YE_*%7;]0FU#D.C;[;_12P77D2B//2N%^7?V9R%99554
M*!5Y:Y]%;9Y7JW^CP01L;@CH.!=0F )P7]^XAM(3P44)D=&CA-@2X@'!
M:R?+S/XSD21+.;LZO-U #='[%UCM;Y[/6B6T[Q3R#4Z5+4))Z%RUD
4\M


&%L^.%=
HM!PBTF
M
9C:8/P9PK!+ +H$(Y=@[L




$
M%     @ 

;1.V?U_;





]RJHR4C5
Y\^PM)/['M+\Y_AE3#C1.M47(J[:]7CE)QMK!H*XR\
MSFO7VW5:^&]E[@*\%.U 
^]S$+6^7NB2)$+/GEB/ON!F+\X/&!]-J5)VJ.P
MW[1YJ;/7(L5QCJZ&:

(5@33[*H%=$B=\5Y[BQ$T0.3U&EF#W%T'J


MM4[\7\?N=




]
_7

M



MMDNUC
_^PE)GC5.+@<=XZ-+D!S!7^C8I3
MW4IOQY6^3.Q?_LBY BT9/&C?E7XUQ@6#HS+35,]%?W?V\6[X5E X]M4_ 50
M2P
$%     @ 



F_$ ?2YK9 J=X

CY^C=!PVM
6WHZO]$^N



M#^3P;77

G%@D;-TZ);S3QOXKRO2)9
M_M40XVR$:
V8@=(;P!ILL !0I($,!]'Y@FPS=)T4U2!+# 0L4L)CA$M-X








MI&[5?=WW8RS;CQ_=7;=:]4
U0_X\C7KY-FG_X/O??X[^Z;#ZMIHORUUWMUG]


VC#[@3P_XJ0^$TP-A




\R





XB(-B4'
M#DJ 








MO8BH3(PITI%'@8A10'+O(A(=84P_CLJU


)Y-)!X!DD6WU*[SN6

I)BX0A8%3\R3P$

MW/


MK\8/C-*9R%H3M:WE_EB8/\+Y)L+;F+F5.VXEC@OGNY)6O)'W6+G;5DS*-1FK
N1(63MX<$H\[7;@2%Y;N1S#J+$HW


+8165)6_=5?_4?E#+5:GW=I+$;.I\LZ<2^<K[O8U57I\0THT-
MO4H


M&^[X;$I


M2P
$%     @ 
&ULC57;CILP%/P5Q'O77&PN$4':)*I:J96BK;9]=H@3T *FMA.V
M?U]?$G BJ)(P3[




D!GVKQ1OMO9


MH;[IF^K82UX#=9A-ZBO98TQ+N

ME#UQG-3D(-0PEF-F.H.9-H-30^,G3?_#U!+ P04      S=+U.
'^LD9
!







1!-F





8_JL( 46((Z ?1(H[D1&3
M.TSG
#C-2%806@%A5)/B*893$!! OI I=2KE&0YJE)8)P-U,DGNM/Q
30M


/'!-VH0)$*(*A@ HS@K* '







=E?CA&RWD_]E(OY]5;6QR.


MWNVS+8K.D\OCQ^@TNL3L#*^//[Q_[8MWQ;SFC7VNBG\/FW:_B-)HMK';_*UH




M=K_X47.=K3#E:6)4+Y/3+NA3*::(\
MR86T)M&S:?/Z6TLW$N8WTR
YH0+




F @ #&D(P 0&3 # #-'U! 9


WNMVK8J^UV_;56UUJ69?''/

$%     @ 
W2]3KSM



M\'WDM;CNW#S3OCW+
WH13=V1/7/XI6TQ^UN0A@X;-W!OCM?Z7 GE\/*LQV?R

\[I/ :\%:3@2_VCJKD0.F[
KX=-ZZO
M!)&&E$)%P'*YDBUI&A5(RO@SQ73GE(JXW-^B?]&URUH.F)
M;7[71U%MW
1U


M$2:/D)T%DMI%A-8Z0\V/'NHT9!0C!FE
IS'0AVELJK7 0N2GH:%X#4.Q'\7_
M:5UD51U95!MYBA$#%WF* 1!9*BVP!!*D-EGRQ



YUQYT#





M8OO9\::NL?Z753.E
7\NBQK[[YS0;+??'8^]8!ST]E!.^V4U+VOGF-I=T@JW
M7_IQN1@7TVE)[] ;



MJ.E
-)\7E[T+M5PTRWDU8R@'W)9XM7&6%[CSR^MR& .:**YWR\P?TQZ^*3^6



U\X_WY37YV7=

MPD.$TIO#832[$]4


M789*OGG#$PE3W_6C5$PGC%

4UDZXA7@
MU@6BLB-..ZCT3\1Z !CDEMWW4P*&6[;_A^5R]JF:SZW8N[W?=75YM6X&4#RA


M%VM /7,F0]/48!&(3L=8@).JH_5C%C3H4D1B/FB[#]CI&Z
+WCQ=?8G_?8

MR_F




U_;L.L0^$W[



Y[P


M%(13:




M#0U

5+;&% U%/U3Z_6UBYK@+KXD-F:7#J=]YZ6A7J4]/P)G:Y5RAM601[-?

.-.JHRKE?F\ I
M1H





 P?

=[*TW43@70 6YLNR+D(#3[R]K%

MC*5UIE[^FY9^PZNFWSQ'_\[

M
2'0^N8Y_K&TF5=T:OCWI9B&W/RM%U]N_OWO&[J2Q?1J]XNORS4^^2G-_^?E

;Y

5V%
6\

&Z-#=ZTE[



[G(VN-Z9T@A)M#


M&6LQQ=K






A'?



6O1&HZD*;809-8-PAS
MN%3N6))Y$-AB5I;7O!0 YDKZS%8+R2AWF8]K9HB%^*5[0Z/+NKC6/&XMG)])

M+EIO%F*Y=$1F
\UE\\D56^YO F/V-=%R.+H/PNK$46-BOVCQV-O%4G
Y^$L'



#8]K%KI)#TRA6\!M 

.0'-%-LJ'2SH




U8
MTVS_W8J4M%H9LP4VM;Z9W+_SZV+&C@OLGR:(*H$L^%




M9DA66$5/.Z,M4$ 138@J=BP1/G@]AOI$ CH[J#[II/95A[/UCMA3T#2A

9!./&=_#N+V'

V

23UJ']W<.0;\(B1;AS:49,LU.N$(-+;6JA<6^BWA


MC!;@HD[?'+^4J%R0@X
@C=TH\F&JBF









Z*I]1B9MDB9O 6+ ARL]J
U:;5)_QN7$R I \

MB(A\P64J(D;5RWVG%_PP@6:( !) N*;??I$U]//4_J/\OQ9@3%;W!(?(D
MIVVN-T(ITTF-**W(I\F3Z!\R-_R*''#!#W;#X@3
F+:;$)K8DX6H?^)HD;
M$*T0EY$D

M:D96X1 ;.I_K$JI3Y YOBH5OTH=BSFOV&.8N'7-$VLBRX/! HI0,;CT':_



E6YO[

KN)=P32B'M& #J


MPO%/^(W]LE0L.VLB^7@ZBG=YI%)$;GN1ECTX8MB$G39=Q+R:LC+9QF@2&H$1








MGA
:'!Y4=SA*

!OL)#4*2
2\WBMTXRYTC



/!)9OJ.N)!)CC\1?Q/[:#KONLK6JM:C$KR$)&=!$
2_X22A



H
M^$ ;UL+((CQ5:/:92P0??U+:


M=I9NIUC2I5UH]_

ZNFRML3CC

M3E

*I&0S7

Y1$ZJW=[H2+$BR[/V3VEDSE-&!L_

MWHM=$X5V705MV)7A$VW)&%E_K$
\_BX
MSF3.

:T


429
776%W.EP(8





EH8*D')2U4R&/ZLO2IW
M,+G.ZP0-3]:33

M1:TW



MXH='XK[NVC:W
$C=-/

K&))#Z1







M'#;
E%5=7N0FD3CRU*.#R7
)8]D#P1A


M



ALP3.@.XY*:N1PB9

3.
MW+H[1%*:T
LA+P:VP_+0K


MT][6:I_LR'Z'#[QBLWOD^?P?4

UX+C5


M9%A2^([1YXR?YV!O(U# W&5B&^SP9_^4,-N3&N\1)E]EK)B+^CBQ/C L7X
M1.QEGL9
+XEI!)B4W+B*8,H=(SB,RQ&A(8\_-B(.) V;HB8@@&\'STLW

M$7\1\58B!H-HMO$0%!:$D%8B)R2 _X' S^K+/' 8SIM)^(  JH14Z3)_8=





B


ZR:AEOBUJ
M0_PN@H )#] U(]28$@%OG_F



B\U*3VD


M)
!WM)AC*RU@'-NV@*+J0]G+]8!/@-+%EP+^6
13R?RE


L&Q5;4-T1



+-/=

M;A=L_FW=H?I)PT1F%M&/2(TFC=AW2;\@L@ZS[=:8V1'KF$1ZC5;ZLU0&X._
MTO&3* PW[^3/F[LYBV84MQ?PQ].YS=G'T%+D42X&1%I@JV%/3-0WSR-D-G'
M@YM&I
?N+/09*#2\]E3A
I$


M?W'B/#]Z??3C\0OG[#]?O'A/KSAO7SHO7SP__7!T^G/KZ6I#DF9-2)!A(6.(
M=:KX$_5U* V-



TX\\Z6!&&

$.H.)VRD\]
M;;;28(_UIY-MA!RE/NNU1GX4DL0
8RA)? 0'\=9%

U&F!+NF
\U23-


MC:




MR:P@S6\!6\S:\0P$*1-H2/!C*&_+Q8A\_9??=6$P$$ /%5. D:N5*XMP*G#
M!=!+%O+9_DX.LG;B??H6 (6S@\:2_2[&\C\?'EM)8D\;01DZR!.IQ*A-ACJ
MSA-7M1U%



R
T5^G O+NV]7.LQN1O+M2

KWG







2(LV)
ML.KALRX1L*WL=+63Q%(9LD5\*K%BS15Q%QT7%:% 
+KOQXF7GSKNN?5RL43E
MACL?!SQ4MEQ].WV!%3W:7&ZXMCTP
(@=H5/? ^F!I*0]*70Z?OIMXN5*RRZ^

0^!G1LP8GETJ
MP/2^ -=&&+Y:7$*&TT&H2HW)M1@3I$WES*/(#A*Y:8\=POAOD57:7:#['X9
M,K$B\UR8(KK/TX=]L90AEN=P2M\KH$8=E9%K[',2#5**7B\_NV64IR-


T'V6&<D.VKTS:YC+
% =


I&RR
]BED<SA[UG][XCUQ4)-D5<R Q_5W



&T\1 _C

JW

M$7^??+N#O!W

_HIP'G\N? =
(=O(1T_P.&9W?

JZ!0URSC')$TL


M$_$WL4%FO+BK?
@OY.;*BP'Y2$1,H!_PTE_VJ3N(POP=QU7#8J=M$[(X^&

MHG-9.P!^1@@N+SE#K?@IHQ[4:^W&\T:

M=9J=6A]'K2NW&;;VY0=I&Z6;

R&B

BT
M=X%I# 8DHWBLP+]QR

D^SOD3RGG
(;97R_/*-# B8*3'.7U

M6[




Y_P^T_E'#7QX%IB26'?*[O\UG$WW*OW[KR</E_)A)=!T20$N<'FO^:



QGK;@(Y $(N&^\:DNEHOQ1YI7.10M
7#2


M)MA&])G0Q.6


M#O$Y\55PCZP\Y?K$G88Q*O*ZJ 4+UTTHWB'8YS3M $ZB)/LF+B=_#UA3@E =
M8CGI^HGB

MP6DV]F
3QB+J(

::H 5JBKETL_8I]62C-S

M/V
-(!Y1DW@;QC!L$/G
0.(2I


M:P\'S[!M8D:IMF=_;_Z


M&C
N)H(4)*CE2/Q*$(6L!Y

M HH

J^ORTUR3)_
'
ZBC



H/!GF$TU W9F70\1(ZHS[W1=UCK;[




M ]E8?1 [K7

M4/$9PNQ5T6=$D8\[WXZV4_@3Z8M2R#9\0.JSTA0TQ5P6_J
NDCFA$F$\X@'(XEJ!%MQ#4$H'R#E!<13\7Q

LDL?%I=RR_%7@(


M?L9E]XKI%SJBLL 1Q*)&M

M]/?J6P =MADB/INTQO(_'\;P)#%NA6T$I$HFOJ=:B

IB)/.AC


MR^)FQ7HP_/*WFXOI;2A8U7O$A#X0E&:3KQ+_]PBE]X$
)=HU4&W*(C'?'EZ%


.WWC4X?YY

M2[%_QC7_

S]9C9,
MMW\\VESJ(7L_&KWV?GM9GD^4#U=B78@WL!#SQ]YD50IRSG.V_2-2[NH*(@Z
MOJ(. )U5;V:Z!
JID1'W'%51RRV.]9AK/G.6[8$A[9WMZ.6%J-HG ^RWN^/


M=]19-9






_P*Q]P?9/]C'D!9'Q3FGPYSVS/6-W&:\ ')Y)36=T.2
M_(93^#O'5\OI$L6?=

M!

; 8=K0&)RUP1^$O[KX#[ $N^W;U=<[J049_P%7^Y@N[
M%W*:


\ 0Z'[=WG^#G=OW3NXQ&C/R* )J%-;=


[__LOJ\WICHH;_HHBE1
MM10VGWKY498='WK]/5V3!A5(A6+]]NDP)*!R[FM:A+1WPY$$DWNMZP.C=.TN
M!R3G &;E]U?+34






(%*
TP W67P/2\H.CU#JYL
M










M8&67SM[5Y:JH9HKT]G[OD !%*(:TF!:8
)PQ+ #A6%('[ 4CE@T =3XWRZBO


MX4T)+619-W]1\29W8(8XW



MXI^=0FX S^Z9

MV;4!1/VNE0I/=^44Q&S/P'#O[O0C[2


M4]I#XE'-2'9%YH


MI4X*PX+/'10B)]1J40KC6UV=;S0OJ+HF$O^F6



SY_\0YTD0-[]!-%GAC#XLBLT
(@Z.


M@=@JN)BJK!5

 #I)]S*W)/O9T$-:-

#FRY  !Y NZ



62LOYN+\I!B








MD(G^'*$D
^_






'.Z[=O7W+7FK9RZ^B
M\T=V9V[_-(/\:O3(U;H=C%+^6^X#_R6X@_U^YJ
81ME&#4=^_9X#Z]FL7L %



QL@+4U 62.0.830OZ;!Y % ED00K[@
MBNM6

MWT+X9AE[S-[R\3 (!_=N+X9C0Q8.]Q*!7!) Y@YTC?0$AP@PMGR!%[0D!6



M(]&
\\S+?J_
G1#LA=!B S$(QCN:V9AG


NN)

MK% I*919Q9V(**B@4]'!F
MX;HTQ
045% D0*GL(NY-3$$%21*46+;'F)BA(%)9;M
2:FH((D4HLVV-,
M3$(%21*46&Q&F4FH9(D4HL-F-,3$+EB26$+C9C3$Q)4DBE%K%%2$F9J&2


2

:- QU44%DIBUB$F9J&*PD*_)I:78N12V;#H7J%;#B@L] OF]\,0
M$[-016&A!S#?B];H5H:8F(4J@L]@.D2=J-%B(E9J**PT .8QSPS?)]:81:J

4



MS2D9V6[5C/





[?/N
M_Y3;U#\19EZ1GW\#4$L#!!0    ( #-TO4[-(_&S*@(  *@O   3    6T-O
M;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;


MZETL_4A#KFQ]Z%W*IV''1E?MW8Z86*T

)^=JFR-58L ]

MO7$A_7)];LP.'?MG07F^'.FQH^

F_-/!U-U0^T'(

;#Y\[:V?

M1W&5H\#*4605*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4626*K!)%5HDB







2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      S


M='


M            @ %Z

M Q0    ( #-TO4YI4M#.MP$  -(#   9                6@R  !X;]W

3


M;6Q02P$% ,4      S=+U.]B#6#;8!  #2 P  &0              @ %#


M965T

W2]3H=N7%6X 0  T@
  !D






M A0#%     @ 
W2]3EG7L&.W 0  T@
  !D              ( !Z#\  'AL


YX;6Q02P$% 
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(Q
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4[\96R$M@$  -(#   9              



  !D





P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4X(OZ!GN $  -(#   9


M%     @ 





S+GAM


W2]3B G
M[PJV 0  T@


M970S-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      S=+U.

H4/[8!  #2 P  &0

V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T



Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4Z@J
]RSP$


W2]3K;K/H*X 0  T@
  !D              ( !


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      S=+U.



[(#   ]%@


W2]3O'0S:L#




M=#4T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4[9KO6Y3 (  &4'   9

M
W2]3C



M Q0    ( #-TO4X#2 N$!0



M308  !D              ( !


M;6Q02P$% ,4      S=+U.

4

4      S=+U.CI4@ %(

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4XF29MU#0(  

W2]

O

4      S=+U.CZZ$=^P!  B!   &0

M   ( #-TO4ZBNV4SG@0  
H8   9                :2_  !X;]W;W)K

W2]3IEW$$H  @  C@4


2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      S=+U.674




M%     @ 




M #-TO4Z\[00_2@(  





M  @ 



W2]3B731@.- @

              ( !
MJ%

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001437749-19-010981-xbrl.zip

#$Y

M$Y\P.R2N



2!%T7OJUR4O
MNH0N?P=^P


B^S9U^'*8Q$\(DI4'R0]\/YHLG\
-V=MP-B5OX:$Z/$48







M/?IX_D-.63A@T9P(UN8S=HX^XK?+YDP&7)Q1@O
$PEIM.5^6N$L'79SS%MAI


]/
0W!-1I0#V_KA-WNRV68[^GB-FH+Q5:D*

M/

MW O.(\(VF;(W/V7!F.G4M\Q&
7(SFPP;Y.I8,E0C93Y4:1@^./[TXX)R&'
M/29M@_ R'!-V.[;]*Q9



ML):9R[]/79 P

A 8JY
MM_:#I.$?MA?9(1C[)YX7W*

NS/\Z^?3_+OU(J602
M_H!/W^\1B-LQ@1EPEZ*5$MH#CQA3L!00AMNRLR@^3+)RNBVA*/$F)!P#%LO
M&


%8^BO$2L_ ]'O02EYX*[
M@+^M W$.7J4 [8RHUJ5


HU
52'3R.Q@FJ?+FL2D



M*86SS1#Q*
;)S:G1


M46(


O+L6@Q4F1
M.&G7K':GUF^^ )]<-1FHC\=;6IK5F7LV\FGFK!\-+9UZKUNKU:YV^-JDU
M$Q\L$W=JG1;\K_$F%C?2V_=I-XDH+]*NU87:2G5C&Z&=WHZU*&FIL/GYM?






2\F/-





M; L\$[<F^$NCR:19X=9 9';\\@I^%KYS)$I-3]0!Z!A<QXX5(![3\/QG%A.


3A:$+#*_

R)


A3-?(IWSHPX(PE$X



M)%0HY*AZ^E7



MCXGMA6

WC.[[6:AJM5O-SJ]5@+^6C!L ^K'U'J$NET(M67V.LWNUJ#^G06<
M/XVRC2(80;_M]'KM AC%C)M#M [56MNZ X$<<!F5[8#AB:*ER<0R&ITBL!I
MM3K]3@+

?(SGE??HU'+F?9I_@R!AC
2EI

MWY!1:EOGNEX^:AVW&J41;S'

*:H[\+Z

[5+*-9YBDLHYO4YIC!JD2WXO9:
MQ8^VW1$=M-&9\16-:PRH/1T'0!4
I5+M;O/)-6H03^B:%J'!AI- R:130







MV-EJ XC=E;#H%GD(%6%*LP9W5E%:2O18_07B(=MO]*MOO.K1
X@&*<*,+QTYGT!F6S59)PJP*9M_+
J]
P




MR$;?&-PL!2+FC&U.3@$!9CLAOR5LL@Z;%)\3

0++9MLV



MYAQ4R

MJ

CN(WWL99WDU @+G\CO.

\X5?=#2;


(+ G?B=L*_&J*]Q/&5%Q6&!
2C@-7JYA/@^&E






MX4N/H?CTV0[)N4W9'[87D9

V



M
T2S5UP'**XC]1SX=H;F(\O0[#]C&7SW_T8P[W F:A@YR.#\

M:P;^_V]I&9C&/DVL0AM: AZ;D(A1&DY#E;[N+T+E5]!H2Y*BX!03PG[M^9





QQ




U:J[MN*53MXSS@I;::O9K5:&O'U\M?

M$7;*B#E(Y\R
.2!2P7

R9?O)]9D:[;+K
VU_';Y=WI[-+_T.MH?5
MR?
T\IX3D@+GP0E:2$A1T&$0O'.4S_BFP6$H95:LY_E  .J5J.0@0]=-@
M
K7]&6Q7 OM_2(D+)HY!)Q

M7U+?2;$.T'8T!\


FP^I!Y![ID&#'Z[
MAQ?V0 =&_HHH



M2YO%:75;/;-O]H^
R*=J%AZT&E:W'G'WZ*/5:77[?6L!PSDPGXR*L*1.$A6%









M&TO

M4I6V
3O%=Y0-LV7U]D6J6_OA;#@D3GC.@HG8[I_FM_ON]V)6?A5MOD?N=':$

0Y
MH4DWVDVSA
RYUSGB]C-P59J+D3:^WSPX6[6O3KA(!*5? 5:!9$]L'@VL1WA1
MW/5K3QXBBCZ&G2&B(PYH&[

6\S7:[UNGV:@NY$*7@W*^!P9:;.LXC&E+NP!+-B
VX

MFJ7OH$:C@:4%]K*#FLUVK3M7ET;OH KNH'62IM9(IEJM8!9JHTIM6



MP%D 1T'IO+4)[(5^:CA/X#@IG8\V@;TX1:79[G8WV=


M/-IL=*O#HUO#MSB.L]-J=:O*S]]]EF*
8W-UU_8XQL6IV(U6/B:H2@S]'(0+
3OQ
M1.IWSEH
_!3





M


QNN]MY'K@K9R[V]O=;5J_9
M?J:XWF;YUV)I_3PA5)G:8RLJ41?NO7K3;)C]UK


MWF=38R4TA;9@!TZ)?K.Y+C2?;$[YY3!#9Q%'_-QT-:NET]4.M+V=#68+P8XB


M5TT38_1 


MEDY!!:L@\W:1DA%/WA&9A


M?\^
*\!CO.XK7TB8[]7X(_B/W

B3S![XLV?BMFG7SW3W1:UP 2CD_@1[FM4
M8Z3YX6%;3P:2S46&+*.#8CAFA.3(



M!

4X58'CI







FGDKS[PZ#7.)%KCE-
Q-.F%5:?M6 8:7+D*L




V_A



M\08H[!$GI'?$@W=QP;




M?

M0X6OG$=__STSK@/\;JO?%A^K$/N/\(_B/W
'):[L2;/Q6S3[]ZILO(A#Q9
M&;DC?H3[&M68B#%0C;R9 7P&DLU%AIR4(*/#
2
D1YXI _6
=G
MP<SV0I3S@EP9\+*TEO!+QI6HV*&Q-($^AT@M+Q1JCY\EFM=A;6#M@GNT X0C
M U3';P)H\@SRX\F R @$#HFN32DX/E4QCZFJ*OC+M:*LUH^+NWN=XUQ3@8




M4KB&0;/((2]/%6#0++(+34 7)-!UX76PG4Y3JS3C5 &&E\Z\.LQ9
Z]FWFH$



MC:V:G%

V\+Y5Y^YIY-?-JYCUL#4_[[W29

M

ME=9?.-5VYB#=4V/RS7E'94;X//H*QQP[Q1Q2;K)0'QU?;M$9D0/S1LQ\%6
MGAQF9$8X)O!%2.]H2&'&8B^40DFHOD#A2=Y-.#4I3:C -^*]]SY'-8F
1)




 2%^S
DN
M+BJ
Q\GC%#LV;C/

MJ
%'YQA@QB=*H.HY&3!!UGFINF




*1X%P


MF#Q WC!*WP6EB3IC&!1^N@/+3]JO2F-2



ML:Q&PQH&R9PM-70H(8) 4QC&?? *SA&*2)-.AG\ BINV0H9*D:PP$A ;#;

MZ2] @2[-.^6/4D='#OQ G3)9
@3

M4AB(I:

'\YDZ?45GK'@7AR8Z*MV@V@0#B

M3IV;

#BA

MJNP4^Z=0)(##%+5JJ P@_80_BA$/\ 6
T!$6X ;C-K*O)
^LEO-@9OB[EH*5

M/!*XQ RCWDJYA1&;!S[



501

A9X1#'C@$?0]N?;$
M'N'
CBQ&EJ5^F()$]$/0R(\!
M8HQ5R:U*E.BWNY?90\IXSG*L4[^VEWG1^SHAX3C0PO^IPO^*H1<ZE R'%S+3
M26P+7PJV/1&G[L[&.(TXLPW(E8T\UEX1-Z9Q_WT*TQ&7@5]CM8DI37+$<X
M7E 'QN?R12^I-)G(52S9BL(,SE%PQ/BLDTG.;'XQU&^&JXZ*KK:%D?C0-




MH5+M;




3@_

WOU4^J=@'06+T?@E-=C&V


MF\(K3BO3-S[I1'G4O$#I!C)9^A!WJMBE#-0T(+O='H?#+QZ[V_$JIKF9
M0#P
C2M#'G86KST5U/_%W136R@+/P5T
YKCQ_=BHGX.QV&6XFW/-U*AS
MMP+
IVT

3U&00

-C]E.9\AFZF0
#UV1]G

MY=GL9$'((O



M:_3R6Q!/GS*BB&MFNUNSYL+M]Y2





'881W&EEIE?@XAWBS
M1V6-32)%E+@=FMHL5#?6$JM13/1$N
73I:5!EM2CFYLOB3Q-8QJ3W%D5$##O


MIVHZ@@2)+5!%X:((U[3N%D1C3


M1G:3


58!_![-19?'DCC&MB;RRE)^$:%V-!MD





HQDQU#7^+ 626W* A0UVT&_Q]Q^O-%/&PTLE%^#
M[W\$HPA54%HS3F%OL=DG_*=FG$=__STSKE !KAE?R)QR^B/X#['AX6V/&E_Q

T\FYZF81;[M+NO\=.!H(G[M8+K!8K(KQPS6^(

M. ]DNE@P'%)G?MA
TESZVAT94\?+IBJ*J@9@Z@8S0HPQL3TPK1V4*0













OC^%41PZ1;4@8Y@YF*J2GMS??=$A
M\:4Q4K 2IT0O#2LJ3H[\5183M-[)_I5:?24#.7C_*R5]QD+JO@FBD^6\M7

,#2B*$(R:20<2)++3.2UO\IOSO9<;ZB0-SF&K2%

MV%7:!'[@UY/PUSBHEJOK+CL79\EU=)'S)96%UY]BQ1#&_LH: N@H%!1&9H







MZ%9
%=C$%%;L+%(X



L.=RA(0CI(! [+4U26G0G
4:U..2*GBWCQN
M+1&\K]WLRIX[E/.HE#.G43/-?*X0EE^3B@]N*]RQJ:8D]UQRH0/L57 C5)D+


2W^O^

M%[T\Q!4I([9X^D;MGQ6;4.8*9=J(H*ZPL.VF\6TU(Q@[FY2ASV4 ^]%D((/\





B&-'/*GO(V+^Q


IER$0;5)4(2_-$/R_LN4LG!K7JL(D

1C5307PN* N#X)
0&9110-4T1-
M/QP&I\%3?$@]X=$6

M


G@U%O^TSO*%?^^-. P:
XLM2#T^@*H?-Y-.E$F)$(HK?Y

HXWD#
'9O]['F4

MXOZGC(N/
!]
./@7EODPYBW2N[=L^0
IX'2LE&.UMW.'MFX7,JC,C?R2@
MOVK^6-CCJ9([UA





M4NVEO2Q@7O7
=:*.CUIA88/LI$S0;1*XQ
O:-C')




!ZQ\BI%]
M;F.1XRJ9Z]EX5.-

M%UE@O31MK-=JS+GPYNHNRL

















M


(;8AJ/UL
M-!?HIFB+HZOZ!PKG=N/7#'PE,9+0WZ<V%3%[Q:8Z6WH9BFF -HZ310%K%^7












I










MJ,K8U;$*1AH9=TL@6' =1P37%$*\-SB+$N4SPED1!@[3T1X(0HD#S
0XF8


MB=M93UE$@2TO2-AM)]H!


YUXZ@!X3
M&S2'1G740O_DEJBD1+C:..*(55)Z+5P&1]<QM5W5E$]=MI(B 9A=692KP&<





-PM6%ZX'G_^^.'U[==5^ZY5,L%Z&1%+FSL4I10D;N;


MS58THV9F
-Z^)ZF;$:/*3'MER::MU8AX-U)Q


M=W?ZMA$I
Y%E&;:Z;N9M2]_'Q;;$VJ+\+82H

MG4%+U36CQAD\!*DG*JU=NY&O=0H*95Z[JUY.Z1(#KV_PK*8K;AP!^'WXY7
M5UL64[4/.H&73?N&V&5INJJJQCK3='3RMRA98


X_B-$T6S41@]
JR*DG:.@/:KB# P2'1$\$-/0HA2XN?']\!GW38-7]39


0F+;F$ML$@Y]3;B

/


M?/;)CIC8D


M@HW&WG&B*J:A](#A9BM4&GLOG*W#1\;4[13'$#S?8AOHXLO-3+
WT\D@$4WK
M M-KZ6?OJS





=I)C%:JE3A*.4H[B=*L


0
M/3Z\4B1-%!05:]-T_?MJ(

X
M)KI.?9(ZQZ2M#'67=A;DJ5$BC B)M[21BP$[..4[+%BT$*%0JOZQU8J+4-81


M


0]Q;$AFAH
M\'_E#$#


MA99




M[1O3:\I?YU?BUR&







X]/N6





A*
0OY_QHY$ -L

'U6RBYLX<5RGGJ5*Z9PNT
#!R\';



N$[


MYQ


MON(7G#ZU__CM7)?G98GFG__U0QH/'AUG^N-;+W;]


M*W0OCQ2Y'MTRZZ28HFF?
M6:2XJ/97
)Q@*J+Y9*.)V](@F'\QHG'VQ1D_'F7. E]U;N_4R^9(1UA@&^^

UTS9E^XHZ




M[


MVI#:33#\' ;NKB*T)-U4]Q1AA81#$+U)N$BTMJ=P#TZTN071.IMH15?T?8@N
MS

7$A7N@^=N5Y_)GETL-3R8DFCP\A#YWB#+KUS]@MLS%O374K
3P:MV?RW!





6%
M56D^DP@%Y?HIXH2.QC ?WFPXKEF3<)O/;%NV9*:6;-IH!#RGLB' *!![IV7


MV4^-8?FG)B/M;'M$M\Z$P^5$







RD5V$PMRSWD6A'- ?6,29NFJ9)M
M=FSR[(63;45B
SLP=%$DQ_4IULJ)V9= 452CG

3JQ/*+K!J2
M979+3@?TS9@B

MMHPJ-IV#X^?@:7[9^(_D4_ WWB'1#6PJ:]I$6;(YI:*9S-Q^SZWS@RO1=5


B5^7U:/
MGX19$PRTRVI;1:FGFV02SC9V.[
--G;YOA=A(C3-W5( MP^O'=FEVV=6V9
MW1



O43@E43+#LT5IG_+I9+D+;O
6=J;)G+0#U:CLG-F.GL/P

 MQ6#

MJ69DA^'PV?/]5LX7L-A!KBQIX#Z6-4].6 -RNW:$@
4LK%A[A
!&'M=*F+U6




MX3UYB%(GF@F*]6
O=OTL3LFBNV


^Y^M13GS@B'8(CQ*Z^4G :S_H#A65
)O


R0D:N/\0*%T

M]*
0/3Z\4B1-%!35@O_H^O?55




MTW A/HRF2J)MGL&23C?ATP4:.(0YA#F$.80YA#F$.81Y;4@GDB'S\[U^^!P&
M(+KYZ5Z4QSOQ:M%.I,@.5VU2+,Z@C-+E5Q,M8C2+?4A6G&:;@0Q\:4=5%5

M(T
R/PT[FP@\&]*9;$BWRP?.+ ?2

6#?4
O)AN



M$TY (#

JB9-NB

GY25HGCCA


(]A_#9


MP^ 11!.G#W_!2 E)*#B3

R&+$O



M

8;?
!5<TED- < 19]JW111^4!_IQ.?2^S@SDE4QBV<!A?XKQP0<@D6@2TIW)8
MDI-


M29;R%=CA9G=H+_(8F!


*H


3











:H?L
)+[_XR1#2+5#;N51;KE)


MC%
U:[1ULBF[?)ZD:IYM4GFVJ8ULTQ&BD!TS347L3(2O.$UB%FHO
:A:R(8F



3F3R0Z K
FNN!3.*?KSY\



M0C(L]='Z
@GLN6B;AJ7T


M/U_GZS WBV48BI'?8LSU5Q8B/P3NAEEOVK:^QC*HDJ[8+&89G*$+^24*1UZR




1RFO2**HL
MZZ:]/SES*&_6_@;;#U(4T]MO:%L5M3@1G*84+9L&IM&^DL-/;MZ&
8/%*W
M(W

-)*TO
9K42Q;WH^!P TG!.WE


MF7TBR3B$7Y[@DFS=:XMQ_/.N6$(O_(D\7%B)
3?&#1K;6U(4R[+
LN#:DT*?




MO#IO+/^&/HW-- ZIDBFRN7?4/[-?1J;F0B*6#KEG+QCGVC_(IF
Q-$NJP

ML21%X_)O*/]F/HW.7LJ0X8VJK?

M)W05K6IW
 T/K&F?M?W.Q%A69
NT[18V)AYY.]GGV_MW+6RUJG82& @?/K^Y
M_?1.N+_Y_][=7?J.O@R20N*\S(^]??5  C+RDN]QVS'V](@\;+A0;-0K3E:C

M'\1RM\S\#

;B*BITVVBS-(=;U[

Y@^-E.9HY


1_T27WRYH\Y7

[_N!
M0LQZZ[UPF#
!

L+



%&LX=M:^D_B35


;K E(X ']\RXMC@S

MDVD8D)
2\WS







3ZI*[N71





MNK(H&88HR_W-\?

MAO-'KBXJ_=EN?QS3MR8



ZBP7F,?[



'
M[RO-%DVC-^?T\6:%IUV$)

UDV'(]
KA
DFQ7X#
D


 D


6H20X)N2*(8I#BP$M$/%
(7'
MX#L3





M!

FYX^@OT[#V
O0'P!HO5''D%PP



M3_5*
<%2DB2D0W@M?,#]OE-P6?.H#?,FXT]IC!FN/(*


)V?)R-[@!O

DM*][_/+



.P%T81(=R5/$2
MH

F





M




M

MIFQ8AE)#:I6 ':DT%U1:6U ILZA49$-2;/U89!H+
LTMR%189
JVINN6?1@R



K'BB7



UC$$-+,!?4JZ5/$TQ6


 VNW'?L
MM4
(JIR@R

M/LYKAYC60N6VL)0WG_]


P%+!$0@\FQ]

M_LKG



ISB_QCX'G_WR51FY
;QQV))K3,GGFQ+\(@CP6,C6<R)MYNT:'WSV[S.^4.00PUF
MZFR%Q.:9?M-66=0.=$Q.6Q5RU].R-^F-TO^FS<P[VX9FRVT2WFA! ##E+EE
M&KIY!
H9F-X!
!9ST46U)6
)WANI.03]S5!C

_!8S DK

M;#6F6Q_5Y5
:6N
-4(=Y;$M!L#VY#MHS&UV;';Q0@R78^!K)NZME8+[^3V

#&$.+:4P&FJS*&P9@


M& [G&R^./K'9V0'=
E6SPM]FF@_$9??F.


MV=EC23$TZ5!4-5RK9J939




M('(0]Q?$BJB:




MVL6Q*[
9-=S%FAINMMAA6YHER0J[JMRV5$O7:NBKO'4WRC97X

M7EQI&9^$\


M


@EB@\[9&=F2L1#+? DO_Q !Y\\X4$B(Z OQ*
$J_S&CD^*TZ)G

MW= #.K_JJ_/\*6_U'=\$P[N\CGPWUY[=Q-' SF]U7@#C_?M2NXV[S]QTJYB&

MIG7URQ?]CS(O:PGM%%?.XLK&[B2I4.RA5?=CHJ&KJ?CS-R&LRJQ2\PM6BC



QA








MI *MBX_OPN5#1Q*T\.J
G4]X %DJE[- UQZH[+M&.A;2X$*I.J)*)L:1T?
MU@*'=V(:/1V:MP1TMV2QP^@'(C6
67#9[O?2


Z%(.?[+C_^&(&1NAG F:).%
$W02\*S
=.K?M3^;J/^)R;XCF+JX8_?4^-
M42O1@LFPC7X8/ Y082U;K4S=I7&V*X7*8A(&A.K!N]^_?L1_1VFN.:=IY([1
M,DXCSZ5/F4O1<?].O9A:2+K;@MZ[45X5*66&I!@NZISCQHP3;#,0AA5('O.




HU*H(0S)R4C]9ALD%

GG\


MA#Z'$&I-G9F3+;=A&B890P@ 'BDX$3XM]$%_9!IYX+!/P6-'G]
K@DMP3&@\

J.JE&

J@_ZJ$H_CB49Q[

#*B]X)(%;.CXA;KSA3N$;[K;=S%&UP?.J


MJBMS8?(HUV3F?;&SAMGY=JYPWL0.%RU&\T9V@D]HY_&L3CH(@X&+)3K9YHQP
M+F1Z%5W72*=8EW3\B9&0H+.&7&B^%IX T&  QSD!.7%0//=^$TXY%N*R')
M

M8G=


I95S^:CA:.$@9H-.




4.UZ$HU%




MDJ.9HUE43$E4M#/((W$T7SR:;4T3;?4

^@:4J_VM''H<N@6T.U9B\H5Z/+DW
&]MOG!$@EW
MV;CR6*
\%$6T^J

$;6=5








MYOPWDA2L+)@:.;Y/L8JLQD(:T/PBW(J-WA[#A#9M6^:VA*(;^EV[J5Z(R[!'
M787Q





=

:(K.9$95;5TV3\M

YPI
M!I

V3
MYJC
-
.9Q-0 NJK(DJP=A!DPX.&$H!^Q#9+^O$O 9T'OY!WXELD

M^@1?48Y9/C.B0)X;;S1-3!E)I.*HEJF7=79V(;\;$*HL/SP=1PBFVHMF0=


*7I!/ E

M]LJJQ_9K/N?^Q&
O133/D]'[OA)
W @+6 E57.U4JBELXF^/4OQ.K+E\:&/5
M1+A)'^&EF$&U5C.H=\1-HRR
P9SPNQ=W[ 2/-+




M 
5DZM#QF?
HHGSGJT7%K@&8@E$F7;KH2&_RGHCP=R8#^CU6^8-6'0SS\:92
MG





JDG L\N6



M(XC69[EQ0[\'0G_?@V


7FDU




MU
9]=(\=H5:WO(I_N]4KR3OAYXT# HH2ID& !DI.9_^R2J )'B ETBPLPY
M;(K$D97UJ[PJ*[


_ V%B=$X[\%&-4U&)O#Y3=_*]JI(Q8E@ S62^3
MN.[#1

M\%(D-

M^Q%
A?*8



MHD
E3H-Q%D(9



7UPVBHJ2:AQ5
(XME
D5TZ%5-

MWTQOGM3:F/$! ?
#?M*%OVY
:3F4BM3I$Z8O+0=0/&7I\/'I&(50YH)7K/A)


&B.RW'!FR@9

MH\BH/TG:SN$1(

4O8N:_/

M


S(AO2LY_V-?B5<]58.:']N5I?B<JR&BM1:9JJV7K+T%I+;F.M







MWCD^K6*#IW:.#1
Q4]+T

K%Q0UYUZ26








G7W^M(5J?#.IXW[E!U5MF_5BW6O
M?M1
SUC!A
:1'9T=_^2]

MZ


M6-!I7%JZN2N/QF



C?


M1O=)4PW5
NQ-QC)+TKX&LAV^M.8R6;JCZN9&DW*8@6R'+:W1C/)


ML#6[@SN

M.D_KW)A8:?V+(



MC'/#-)T#C H


MDR&UR';3:W1;*R#9*Q7F%Q/RW+:;WH?(]86- E?+3


7J(RY-A




PFXWMZX?_Y\9!^I=G=$^M;ND/$QFZ:B7.@Z[PL
MIYSA^=GOZAO5;7FJ&Y&U'X&LAY2=M
TM#$0?D%^








MP@0J5_0A&_K92-'==W7N')93YP]I4:3]=[5O8MHKWFGN](N
#Z%V19$.7C'-
MD\^\O;#RD&8AS7X^ UT?@
X9^&S2=_YP
_&/]=C7J&+$57?UA8YW-B@=/S



<E,]@QFPX[]-IVCN]&XN* ]*PN(Y57];3XSY0Z7Q








S3;$G5[CK2QO;


^B]&M&GZ-TF


MVD.\]08;-XAH:




MQ/JA1+V(-VZ)$C!6'B/VL7PDFQ*:\!F!?S!XP&0&3VSM !%)& 7P:#Z1@9]E
M(]Y:I\\



MN$M1?5P;U


?S-.?LEZ_6

64DZ_B3^=8#1C*AC3\')755:
-


MHVEQ8(G-JJ?'H\GUUTF/&?1\A6Y?DSG7=









M4$2HN B]2H=9\80018@*]'[% @6'J&2I]B+Z)_RB6=-D&DRI!L -.0&XA1
M.YZ&[!+#MHGJ8A\E1+/\:':(JZJ 9BSJAVB6'\TN\4R/.*:#:$8T2X]FCYBZ

M;1+=[$#5:-S8WKM3_87U


MTA-M';

M 6)#ANT:




M
S(@,+D
M5<)$?:NA2X+XE1F_:,PA?F7&+U8]1?Q*C-\N^%B8D<$&KJ/7ZL#&6ZX);UW
M/QH[



)@(X



MQES*?83A3[[\7 RZ^R%$4Q(4/G#3.XN.7#K+T7_!D%EH%K*3]*&8@?F!
M._
2:'!) 





V
ML))?P
02/.PK_KARQ;^D6?'$Y=3XB1-YQ



'



M/H-WT;.?MJ=\$3A[IKQI\;Z:\EWP!$8:O:-%$5

M?%V#VQ)E##8 JAOFX%\$1?0

UU=;V%:/N!0Y%?



$M7O LJ.IZ=?

\'MW2
O*C4!S_F:
MI0E\##@#<LZ!Z8]W[%BFGX7Y[X,07@1/-%6O9,,W^I_3UZW <L:
_P]W?)T
M[R@

MED*YG&X&-./'Z._H(U]DU0*Z&R^7#U6YD/'O_*ZKJNX!W+=V$9G-Y_LLP]8L

&-@M%W=%5
MU3LU_OU^]Q)E6_OZ?S6+R@'5NU3XU_%W'

V9-Q%&OQ(+
M5B


^0&RI0XS&^LZ



MM

W$Y[65JS]G(TU3%.CG_;*3O6++5I
GR1);:X=^6JE5OC$6=*/^V5ZUZ

$;
MVJ\.:SX)*XU[N%^EU&BDR^/O[5O+-!\ ED#+K!Q8HR%LN+H''IEPNV%+$FV_




M2V2 I(QO+N*A@V@6#O%+1

M

M9VYN[9)LR(9&AUT:&V0O;&C.)Y#%(MB4#=ONBOQYS[:-'F]Z7!B!_+GI_9JF


6[@=IL



V*&939F(CP]

'\/NFDM


MIFX)ESZU
0_+1(B+)/S-S[Y1MCO07CQNVTEH3/RV-
OV#'D-@E=
0ALJ3_P=

]M3


MHCS[)WINX]4*J

2]I;
M&O6W#K+T.0) *

MWGX$2DQY!
LC5]*
@9(9'[D2P0.GQ@=[E*\$E0YCJ//A?WV6?C9^;R\&/# J
M*'M##B1E/-M
L+%BNM(#=BHYZBS;X$+?(FDB9^-@!K:

MD^N75#*USU[//@]9QG

\M
MY#-!IY

QT 
3=AG
ML



MXY_-=OGBNAB;O !689F\N6PD%3756-C/






MB5D%OL)B]J#@06'U&(F

M8@Y#R7L1+;]=/E E?:;99IPLU2X8F8^ O


)J5=954!5U:GO


)HZNS&T

MJI11VP)].M$ME3BF


:L^R'2100TG X@GY.%
D!X\KI*(L7GAWV_&6



M48;N189.2Z@RN5GZ=SR-KO CEK9-_8SGQZ$







GP


MHD& 2[EKTR


ML5@6*:9YCK61T

I$]:39

(3H$


M[*K/: T4[R^KXLXUJP5/R[;[DR/#0@1) &A

R
M)I#VE#A-'L\+FO65D#Y@91$
O*^I3VE8.G&]#B1:G R:


W+5AVWV
GJ.0
$C @U=A_ ;S32(:4J3J(2[L C=2:3.):8M
M#7(Q4G=<FZYL!%4)5(PS0[%RYHD#Z*K#K$U6WX!(R: 1*AZR!^HQ/#,XDF
M3[(2&G@(W@J\%G$U<$YT:;![]+#=O$6V':+;N 6[)HAZB[@M(+#H\^H6$*R^
MXSVK[_B1/A1$^4SS7!F7@OQM4@H2W1Q4LDN4K$8TQR8FNCD(8GE!C+D)%YI
MP=LA8P=OPYO[DUR$V[+W(0Y@^]KLQ.$[3V4-:@HD3P=@F\HAM&_[?@2U?
M,0$D @T(8FE C'V-,0Y\BH-!+^?P7LYEVN]'19^R:O:LUNDEW!XECS0)L*?A
MMC1@-S*D 2$B\_2(0 -!
U?M!AQ
&C^MF#^WA5I\.TIC4.:Y7]7/OTUC(H1






MF%LXA#O

M+5W5/.'7CR T(&3&D'$1


1 $+X)7
M&/!B/%)\DY'GM60\]:


USWDV3HQY-X(OT^H$%1QAH?




JGBZ'.:PHFMW#_'^(





MV1'LRP$FX4!NZ8-?X+JM$U&QA*&6PFH+85FE?64PS)[I*
VJ%#B^!D8SJZ]6
MAI2/X[^^
*E_+QP
I)4ES

AW1)+^O(O0\?6'%;4#%5_E][+:T
MU\LI (F G)8\?!\^#5Y!





MP+JV5AZS-

M?_)/!Q^K$DZP^4Q
MP6FR9L@S@ZW[RN!2@+&3CSV


4+


]FJU$%
M&JZK:L=4@2O);E0IFF'IEJ




_7-3/U22OGPE[1H+VTEV= OKVN$I


M+_BYP0_#'
1'GM_11WZ
L
H93H8
W


P+[(K7.KGI=KZAT'RGZ9U0JRX*-U
M;JPX-J%:7N

;S



M'=GM+*C6-EMF :\[XTCU-4



M@B ;TEY'O=EQ3@/^A?+-_2\V5P5.9T+,=$C @U=1[!NN40W.[#W(29\1*A
MZQV#(W,)63)6$
\;08XKF*$C\)



(R!GT6(*P3
P


MF9BS)B(-7??&WM@.
35I]C-_E 


-K335D 0#XF_=S2;N#;6OT8LRX]EG6BV2G2O S$+1//)HUDC


Q9^1T1(4?C]T%M-2V9=ZBA&#4)?TH*.

M^(?R


8AXQU(ZY
MG0=M(M\1;;S!GL)GIA:#LO807%0




MX7B7*^('[5$]HG!9(EQ



M9F5V;8]H'NXA(IJ[@&;/L8FK=P#-!_82U\'XM']'(^4P1LI
5;=:#=8-K92C

MFHV4#

MXO&!O9EEM.I)Q#9IV$-9@;&TI_1H2#


]F**

]@ =:9B@M.B8MQ$2





M)8^?J9_/ER[;JN8*7;!,5V5N.8.#;\N!2+JXE7BD57]1F?[G3M]=TK5]I=

OF:&AS-B)AJZ+MWR4%1@N+ N*G04%2@JEH8#452@
M53$C*@P4%2@JEHH* T4%6A5U46&BJ$!1@58%6A5K1,4]X(7ZO0)/]J# 6HP
M-
Y0HZA8





1NR2@U5($
M_-7A[C8#V8;YP^;2[U!$:$@#IT&$N3 $H$$$/HB AXUH (
21%_R\YD]D7MU

MQ
P8


ML2Z*ZFQM@2\LCM;T]*]9FN?*I9]E(W#Q5\+^H'3\GQ\/*:X47GKI2+(!CV




D


#IS??


M
MBQM!+V(#:)[*HM_((@1Q+*&4Q@EAZ$.O$-&VB8SG5]0DA&/M8ULDS20OL

D:TH 0D7EZ1* !(8(T($2V8TV;N\E9^C+O71W
M&)4K]9[5:LSI(RM&
'

X



4A@A+#F$.R.%



M#A^Y9\5\7*)&Z%:(WV&1[.;WO+-CT'=G]+.\/?Y99M:@SC8' P(@T&(\-M
(GP(+A8!!'%#<-
M7FEHFQTWM'5B:SKQ+ R()J[@&;'-HFC=\QM/
1&^PGJR*LHB7+PCY4 -.0(


.E



OGD)X\TOT[JUT1)
M$ UBFN^4BVJJF(NZD(MJV/+DHAXMF5B#



MH/THNFA2Y!:



[F\_7

MW/ZAZ

/D?I
(\7
'+('#:['S! ]M-W*86 ^'A\.TD<-6?1M.7H*TAY(Q

WV_1QJJUR^
N=J:XSGUVS5R$F$9B4 #


M26,[[5AX7U)SIKW@757A]+/(W2!.T]E#9-TD93+6*9TM11D0T^(M#0=0BC
MM8?@E1:\G9&_&



@.I4J35.E0GP@Q 20#5T',=IU%YI


MP2V%ZG:I=;Y#



MCV89#;%7#8J6=:+%-2QB=J%7@ICP$8&&KD/XC:'J1/6DV=GZ40[8B$!#UZ%K
M&08Q;$\6Y&+0[KB&'=8S1U'2)$ILD0&VG&(8&D1C$Z!*^TX.V*^
4(71N&
M7%G-/.4E
K6.8J51K'B$%TUB-J%O XQ 20#5T'

M#-%M8]EM5?9


ME9 ^8&41#+ROJ4]I6#IQO0XD6IP



K&C5LS^DR3(5IU*%662173
MT8BGJ?)+%3'A(P(-78?P&\TTB&E*DZB$N[ (W4FDSB6F+0UR
5)W7)NN; @1


]J^_XD3X41/E


';\.;^Y-

D+P9RVK#F
M+L(P8N<Q_%@9^%%X'B5*X \8\-V0^FR1+K8K+
?T4Q'?@DC)H!$H*'K($;[

M\WG:&(D77GG%2521U%Q[XOMOJ'-UEWBF2FRC T7.$


M \HN@@#


H/.=$H %G#V?OY&9OJ^AK

M(O0(+VC09J$%&$J+ 0O7^*

_U$!ZADA]?
M%=$_+9-\LK)U[(8 P$WC!F+4CF\:N\2P;:*ZF


P
&-LJ
87:I<OQ+SVX9Y2#/9:4(;VL^OU8(
-UB2WOL\


]_R%*_!_O


STC%S[#QRIREYY#

]..YW3
AX*?#/']U

M/

SI




+
%
]L$

YQU



M

581@ =L1D6JD&4C_:6'9,#K\EM:#O$NHDT
MQT

M+



UEWENEB6_ 6DF0$UH0^LAUI%N.\BTH!(6
M4POQ4A5-61JTH1_9 .H6UH.\06L\0F\ER &6%F(;6:J%/'DVV
@&4!/:







3C(,60A5S9\FM&




%:E&


M1

MU
56K^S.7Q=N_.O_::W$W?+;_:6_SDC7%;WF
4Q_Y#F++Q)D.O-:$-0(ZX


*J!8?HH-#UF6C0RG!;L^H03-






MIN8B \XNAZ2ADMC0.1YRKA3R-1Q$&8CI6$P)*43TPL9
JS.B(;/4UH0]L)


-7^1[P-D:(5R$(=^]\M
M$ZD6% E.5'V;0-Y'DM6$0!ECO/LF8B!XZ6!)1;@+*MZ\BV()P$+
O/LF88




![R?POP')6_/Q
'7!=8K#-D:(U#AIM8OT


B








M]K
1CMA8H0
CG*1I2<#1+FA?Y'W.;BB=^1O*!HKMNTHKE%K]&<
M/%W]I:1G7XI*217=658T5^#SXL*ZS=M=YFY4Y:NVU&31%%W5YTX9[ZY3O_MQ

!9B*

L(!8

MKX@@W6K9I&33E?=]K)0OK



M'Z6L&U+V@I^N1=)



M#5





(V7NCV!?L(0[/3Q)%_/^+

ME0O

M'L6L)2

'@ :@

MK?JI+5_ULY!A:\C27?E7_8#FSM.L
YQU$RTD4P+.@+.4.&M(=W2DJBW8?08T
M=YYF SF&@VQ5FN-'@&:@N9+F%E1:!XH[3[%A(=NSD&:W+.M3HOTE38XE7?%X


M_BAEJB(4 CQ@
RI2A2P;Z5X+ZHHT$Z FM*'M$.N\S 6OCB/-@T\V@IK0AK93
M#(E! +'T$$

)DC;'3A.P?R/Y9SOXIMCQ&CV]

M14D*Y^6*2F?5R/==9'K:/);DF8U(0VM!UB$QF:BAP=(IP L;00O[*DB@Q!




5Q].)R_#\%#Q*FPO^(MR$8M )-*#__
OTR'VQZ^+&Y;(^5+%3S#.QT-
3


?^


MX([!U9#)3V#4I)F8 +P +TQ# %Z %^!M;!L 7H!7VC:T'5[A\WK(D&?=?\GG
MA=2AO8=[;O((C]*CR4!A]!
:XTCQ1RG[&J$0^ %;4I5I)5GNFS;  UH0UM


@QPW('9M?'@YR#%G(E0V?)K2A[0B_
I@+82%7EV9C








MT  T6T#S[?3V9TB!&J!F&VJN




MB8


@XP%2\


C4?KN
MY.K+Y8D2!N].?-

T

MZTP;ZV[06+.RL:;+93EL8^UI8YT-&FM5-M:V7/9JA\8^

M[+P

MM/&

7?HS![OHJ99D;\S?2:.8OT[@''
MUT-^B?0RH3T2







+4#U/R
ME4UVR88R5*2*+R^.-%.F


LQU;6I
M]3N*N(GV\NX^BX

MJ)OO-&S[%0^\576'+5WB=R)^=RJP4F:YJMJA5?





M!IG6(YSE&Z6)0+]LF))BT^;GNT

MUW

*VPFS1R+6HI4S%,U#]6L -S1*<P]$WD42L@BD1P


M]*+DYT1?V/=SU/G'MV.MI5SUY_S+E_S+KQ7N1

M']+D

PD:97E]OHHMW_F'L\
MEW\=P=[5YV*X\U9O]B$CIBZUC(&VU;*D\H25G22!%581QXCST9
X\_^3^@

[
$/B.HHYK5?#RF
M%M](5W]9
+SQ2

M7&HA#_-
GFN(3ZMJ



$^ /LW9#\=<BT7NY0H%A8\7S/A71'&/=XD83$R

P\O^)
&T0D@9F7HLTBPEFHCDT2L
(\D4FY\CF[






BGV*7%U[03^LR.5SAXU+;2Q8
MAF\S

B&K^ILH8(5XAQ**6N?8]12G69]P9K9.T#Y 4:V?S8
MDX8II63LW(591*Y[5^RA]1@&[*DDE'



MY.:*Y



P&.2=_TX(JO. RNXG

M2J/GFZ**SMKPLF=7!A$TS[)L6UV


^3YW



MAS$)+C#E
=9UB3E

S=!=PS875ZTET==FMFP'
M?54N?[#G)=.8TVIW;'M]Z9534LUP#$/5Y+;ZJT0W*H?6)K/QYHJ^?M;/.O8E

M:8AKF88CJ7W9[-&]L]*J9R$NF[MYDI*VV?-[5Z69U4KS+
?5:[=I7Y*
? Q3
M/TK2$25W3!4?(O:=S;-U4TUG]E@U:S@#;_]%ER+2R_*B$%^N[RYJJ#TQ7R5C


H/








$






X8(_@Z+F.H6(;RX\L*O94
MLPG+(PXCODJX8I#SXR;&SX7
MM?








MGK!?\8U[W
7)_8



W&?NLV28:[:\1NY=HKWYB9EFCON@3O\-#GU

M5!9FCS?'/.3










%W/4H_2[+7N#FMV]9F!AJUZQC&:792L7]5L


M#*

SYQ^$6:.9\T=OS(_/[0T79TY$V/'!AY(RBT@Y%)6SX(]
M]KCUFBKE%HAR*:NC$IJEFF8MG7G=J[K


M-VRO
FUI'LUJF5S7-(QUEJ







M?+AM.\4OWJRZXLSM/I(X&83QZANNZ]O%.RY?=/SIC-Q5ZBS\8Z%1X1^;S#D^

U7_QXF&7F/:3#SC^49R=.J]Z-MUGWU[4

MB2_

FUYY\MO C-A.H^
GXD_GFS-QZ_%;!



MSN+@K
?&SETR#'WF5!7W9HWFBQ_7]);0Q] GXLJ7[$;^ W-2+PE)Y;8I6_77
MR?O)SS;IN'569YMV[L; M

M?TO\$17I5A=/_
Q[$ERRB3OPSS*!O7O0M


;VY_28Y=[
B


P5





M&YNS4;S95C+FQ 



MEX
D;D&9P0T)6I(7J-F!FG8E/FZ(#B0N5O'CS/%CG1J:?&7XG9U4RF4]M$K'

X3]DB(
M






M5VDA0X-4.O

RH


MK$



_YW0L\C
MG



SQ\2/^%]
M?(E]YJ(^RTE\0
*WV*.$Q?6PO8;(1-OCI^%?MM0V1!


M


'^;\6=L
M5)]E7Y
PSJYB]CLB)YCKIB5+.MVG%3W(EHMM&K!!?T\M^^J.AY%ZP)%:LBD!





MI T-W\
@K6N00H)VLP=H Z/W

'2&2M3

M-.U $WLY2.+;+/%_=(*@)7F!FAVH$1YC3((+3&


S#N7X[6]DS6YD



T^I$JVF2[)^N XQ 3H $^..GK[

M^U?L&I0]]CH!PK1.\D[*VI?6]-3?WO2)15
J
2$9(@==:GA

KY2?

]T#).9

/W]4Q+W
T(''\G]M.+[7DAN4 &ZNWNGV)=J= +JNYI4A^


-?!
M4&3Z/$^

M\3O


M3$9I]'Q#N$J(I+Z#J



MW]'+V?-PO'!=-A3WJ_B3F0:P)ASF)D7OSHV P]YI1JMOEM7:HB$^=P(T#/':

T[8'C &Q=YR_WK]$N2D?13




M*U#KE;BO1:C=^F+B9JWN$6#^T


16#$'P#&$P=MX;S(^BNHK]?8?USY


MI!E*X&YU:5!E_72X;5RA1N836.HVUZ A@_%./@H;5F$(#7)O60 T^NZX
/
MO+N##D


Z


M8I!\2N(^ZY[!1W(_/:IC]A)RCI#)




M3FWVO

MYP?1/;#IU=5@2)-'
0'KDB%8(7^'J?B

MT$P$@[K(Q4H-M)R

M^[SX((G3(G(3ML7#W%@3XSHP:_0!X*1C S/R?[!W6F9:MN6E0@V 28')OS!E


UI]LZQ6&&:U##-=A6%VG&$VUCP
LRX
M
PV&V9&&F0;#K#O#3(=A=J1AIL
PZ\XP
3NF(

MF_6(2B


#$Y






61)-\P+/@\A_'1/W]2A\
M/


UFN/TM0T( 4U$FL+
-3%(60%V\!
9GIWQV)Q&)6N@(HE&'K=G.@

/'
M7



Z=)JJ;(0_K%..UU4YSD
5#[(1$;H_^IIPH^BN5(K
M-.$P%B:\*OY-?IU
*!N&V2?XB(/Q1^GIW9.AQ8?GCT[D(IW5@_C1) HG)$HH
M.!@%9Y%7

ME.V33.JMB^
Z?EUQH(B;^MPJ+17*(\.Z0D$1RFB+99I$I*Y

L[YRLM;-C.RGHP5:2VRD
?%NV6_\




(4


((?/X!'Z= /SB7*C;G$L+N+3Z@DM,
MZ<^XMYR+JV[C





G2DR\X]YHS@ 'Q&61@0/'

^X'\#7-!R1WX*9]W_32Q HJI@S]1FGH]WRZ



N$]X_FX=$&2%3
M*A9 T1W_VM&V/HB/-AX- -?YHMU-)_$\_^

M_1V8XE
08

F?*7XBCXU
1I1$3*%!O9[(YRC]

QK$FUL1Y&
!


M

MBE@^ZY7\Z^#'$1
!G.#A#ORV1I=*YDQAK=$@4^O5 ^?VT&$Y%P_:%+R41$S!



MNA*



;AZD,<0^@3LT]P,LUEN36%SW3AXV[KF_%O?!?_6O0AYN\OXMWXB_X6H
MR6^<_V[$UD1'G ZXQ24NLD#X78&U@AU3:%1O?^B@L9\Q*'$H']OKX*9E7US#
M$ 8FSQCJ3NQAV**^LB9[INHWM70@2




5+3]\
G

MI6ZRH'])0'Z^





M\J 6*!.'/O7$O)PRA[GH'^0
Q'8ZP:BN.?*BML;F9JV6UE1K*MF.




&_&CB&H?ECK+9N5[]QT<*OW

MHJ4YFJ/ '?Y3A$#\@)E*&N%];+?)F$0/8X?):[XQ0C:Y8%Y^TW?/8DY /O?6

MGP#)RXB M-'T
*V-:
MP@6@S?[8 =!=9)EF BG3UK<;GE]CHR9DP!(6XR $ ]@7(9?U!:JSMA*$RUP
M7255^X41?






MCI]



MBD\H?2/@XR[X(NJD%B@]EUO/@:_/Y)/9U&*&;R.5YSX3J'[!U@:ZE CS
MX#QG=_EFM[3Q/MC])9Y(R/?^+C!6@

5X ^]U$WB?NA[B]A7



.

-;5[/G:R






MG6?W(^_R


*4EKGQ%NZT6
M+EJS85#!AZ;F7WC$FZS$2Y%33$%?@0ZIQ


M$!UJ DFOCOW1R5O;IXQO
8JP$2Z5'[)10J( K#Q(9K]X@8DS1=&TP66 P.%H




M\= B;VV8D\B79







MRO]&?D)Z@HDXR?\\ZT_2=/9Q



M+PG]F.0?7K/ 3W


M7DC$XZ)$2-G;L+)^*S/I\'86SU-\O_37AZ6+F=*1

M0W(M_BZ;2]2XI%4 (



M'1Z $!:L51'\T%V= #96K'








M1E+)TE?.$I6AA!$A J/VO2 D2*T^B'6V;V7%Y#.82L1$C]T;*EW1F%R'BZJQ



MTPGAWUC
MIFJUQH8D9-\E9AS-:+?;= ]D_=D3N*
K%9.+JSG[S2=#+
D%3+D





MA7M/9AD/)KZ
D8=L.F5Q'BGK$6H(W8&Z'5]0J6FQ\K1C34MW;#^R\T#$&#)!



M_GO\\


MX*A.P9C9 188D3

(VU

II:S36A@L7.

M C@&&' Q_G*?


S^WO0H0A-

M+/V5*_6-L3!_Q\G
8 38-#C#MMF@<YVHQF'ML2#T:2\@UGCC2L:W-?];I^DZZ

^/7SLL*X==I8_KXOR0C&DL8LMK.B?AI<S33&A[F7
JKYG'D+D LQVAE5
MO_7K-35*9$+J\.I\=85459/N&=U8^X1OD9OE8MPI/B%7 *YJ%D3@'5KYKJ
MA@Z8WKA%0

6?FP2
H/I
$'2CHX):?? \@S6
M[CV_]0


MF6GJSH.M @/]S LQ6H\K93_8-*YFKS-QO!IDZ*8M! &5);A$D78:C
]\TQ
M6'XSC9I1PQ6W@P=:*\9@^TVGF[:(C),!S[J41D45V):[&LR?)M#95@FAVGM
MAR&L+Y'M.K#\)BFGS'I)'BC6^&.-'7L._9(P!BMJL0PJ:[5P+9DSCMV5L#X
M=%LL@/
EY1?ROY&?$/')_P%02P
$%     @ 
W2]3IRH!(Z19@  +L4( !4
M  !R;6-F+3(P
3DP
C(X7V1E9BYX;6SMO5ESY#;6)GP_$?
?_'FNV:XJVV6[

#S






MN_?U%OJ_Q%?_/LMRDJ]/GZV]%-WC])_?JWZN:$KE#D]9/7V^:&IFZ %IN\0+

M^X;%CK+D7UL&.ZKYZY3P.*6\8/A.

[JTFF':@HO$


FU=90EL_P!LZ
X)X]B^6(+'T&?0P;A/PC_
M0?@/PG\0_H/PWZ_PW_\IY5\W^!#Q8KE$C/P'E_$C+

MXH
4'Z3X(

M45IW)S


M\Y





M#R=5(3PEJ=K6(U%\3E+


PL%
MEM ^ (6F514ML?T(#IMFV[?$]!
X3'961TMX/X.#9]1?+)%]!(K
QDQ@?$7
MH!U0K4EME^!8K



AJ95J

MPS%[Q_E$OL./@I)X#D6&WS29K6[=?8-SG+-VW6 4:[\LT=8( PKW_+7AXR
M$DO9_N@Y?8UJ@4
/CXF5^\)(@X)EW3XDM!YL0NNA!$_I@=AS.K77/X!%AYDS

MP0X


\*L?]:;(I4LOLYQFJZ['KT0)H8/GBG-_2-%&3HV[5 PDW<B_Y7.\E



MK'BYKWX;D23E8FCX%1A9?E[D;8PSQ C]DO$5CH4N@A
EYQG;3HAD3[.]41(W

9LQ

M -W$#/]$*-
HZU9ILX%LNQT
( #[]Y/8=DV[5E.;\4G=5$PYBO\J*^\1_(C
MP_J78-WO@#Y9ZPF$M4L9FCMC_Q3S&-&5B5!6;)W:-6.']
%6*W'\9&:)LY@

L_AAB9@AA=.RV\$ \K^V7E.XWM*H662VW4  
IQ)%CT P) D



^UIT32='N'^FN=F%3\AM^8O@


$I((H!U/9I3GJCQHB[Z A: Y*I19!H90;-VK(T0 4-/C5.(X
MR EK%4M74X(B+!M7!ZTA6MA(EB;754ZP%I')$34O82'41=K%\A9: PWH6
:

MISV$MH^+N(?*;H;DLI'?H%J[U:D4U:I%52%.E?M4*!1$!E!






ZIC!7_1!Y%MW6+KQ0!JN\57L;(X15D.<
M#/_V$3
]S%%S?V!W](['N#;IHPT^^I;E%W?P/=WK]E

MTFR18[84O'F_16UY:9O]@-4

M\./!+9\G/_**EMD^\3I:E::VH\/08JWI;%5 OG2
YVX_%CVQP&@$LITS M



M5WL4:#MQ+KR0.[W1!1S':M2IYWN.JYT=)-^V4S /I-A/7W4&#Z] 7PB%['U?

6HN[M*0IYTIYJQ$8
C)T3@A0B\[27LM]6.IXYWTS0+,3XM85R4
M:_,.?6N@3H'#IHL')U3%%EKW96.;9#JW[FZ%0LV%8!K^G1!.%9]@HLUN%B#

*&C[44[AC\3C 59P1+SMBPQP0@25
)1B=WM
M/V?E]G
E-B9[FY-S?P\0===ZO81CO@+
(^F&9 RK*]H\DZ^WK1EO:YLNA%#'

M)RQZ3!P&@-52\)PN
7M%I-;R:-DKN!+:&O)0BOD-%CIE@:^PP0JL:SN!L
0)


6Q]L?KO[E\A^C
M!:7)$TG3\I95
5DH6Q#QBB)4%DYV%=!MQ_
HJ;N1&$3V(+*_64GV4[U0Q*YV



M8'A3)311H[4=%/?9H40]L$.;T/ME@EIA$ P@UQ(!0IQ':F3#\QSI\C,AR
M*;YB!*41PX^DY& ZCU;R#UKP=V^ELF0.'EV2749XO(Q8R)7\1744K0/4D%
M\














\


M(ENPT

M8@KYS4O]=P/-MJ+- (_V6-9F




MS;AOO4D6-:&9W



ZTX
MDAC
+
'

]!2?

M

MHGH+:6DXL!C)G\G FKA@+ C&@D[J7

1I4?WHH
.U




%^3W([T%^#_)[D-^#_/X&
MY??6)Z9_Z?W':$%I\D32MQN*28*90LB*(Y0F?S44G!W'-:CS-Z*TBN!W&]
MVQVR&R[;IAA^JKG045AW'LD?;#H_EVL97Y)'G+RDNRI:=;24'LS_E/MFF_J8

MD&PA=MP;+/DX.9'
Z7)'@


M+5/0Y5W B!?R(/CIW6\1PX\X*W DYZ.\J(R)

M']4L.9L?W9X(]M)*=



J=5R.B 57QM4
M+/5ONOA5;.



OG;DLD5WKS=16E9\J\MZ]0V&KXKVV)VV74;

GB0P8



 3ZH$VV:R.PS4




MGC)Q*#Z058.



 +$2L@2Q







Q9TA



M+FI=*AA?Q)'';VZ_:



%653Z&)JPP 0SQB0A
E]V
I 
B;
O(SN=?MZI:7NM'=# [UK%+ZO!J494
M[ 7G!4Y.R]O1JLVZRN!L7H_:(Z/C<!XFH+CG^*]O(DS(6L:9%)=6^^D&^(:


M(


3(P3*8R]E!C#3]0
M#&9KS(*PB75X&^IBCY80?@2S.'I5=&&M*2N=F[I7L06UXL8T5'1:M3^!8WFK



M NLI

M?B+S_$1(YML;$DX*UOHXZ

M@YXVUTU
W3G&K7?3OE3$?B#=T#5*\_4LN\$Y(FD9UC&;;R)UK@L6/TB/D;2@

M''QZ+*Z
LYTS:%)F/Q5J;=%#DTH[QE%T




MLZ7@U/N\H\VO_0/\F?.ZTAPL=6_+4O=Z$90Q9&=B6RCC-^L:JKM(\D;;B5.?


\
MOA/CA;WN XP/\AP1]CM*BTV=38S*W@94QP73/K0RU?S):/W'+,Z)V55E/$$
M64Q24@HA=:WILDG]I+




4ZX#!5
MJY4;)!AC^^ C]^DC'X;8?95
J=O)












M2(.9;!K

\& (RF:S3=2
MH@.BYH[C@]K<YG,K'HA5B[VY44B@$4&)QT=/X4B@Y:1TR8!C[I+4B!Q0HAX
MA3]-1N&






M;V;1\F?!2\3+F;SEZ_^DJ#[,OU),4=#/6;\5/SN *ZN8
'?WVU%6FC;AK;
M3(!4_S%!6_GON. RHXS7].EB1ZWZA&B4$(TRZ6@4-VZG5IO1Y)SV+98\.)-U

MW83\2\1S


M

M


_&DHQ;PFXPH;G+&ZMA/())H0J?YWDY#T=)!A.\%%

M/QJG=J+)(#BQJ-K[^#$(HST1M&)!@_9.W\1Y2\?Q_AY2JE:XRC^RH7/5JE


M^A!RSL04^KX/]8GJ_;V?XA
U&?0IY/HW*OP8+2A-GDB:1BA+(C%K*%L0L6M%



M V9W#RB;K4K%^9

F-%&.!V[?D]CR\0 GF&OYI-SNLD0:


M8)U8

M;5XN;2EE@;+; EP]P%T0?;&*G6H#SH#:%;:5KC0YOWMPU@1G#1 K] #:@7\K

MZA5^VM%[S6@F/L;U
:;)TFTSAH\LWM?L7DK


3
MG+U7^YIH)[$(E

MK$S-TC@AAGE(L'R'8-Y)VU^G4+LJ%+X(A2_ &C''.%_ &-

S^2=*$YEZ=(O9(XDQOZ5I<HI7#


L-]OJO1=R$. X9Y

[VLU#+EDM2)<Z77@BY6 3Q
M.(OE=1CS(B\8CI953&PDG0XHE=Z(JD,A]X64;&U(=DI2C'BNTLT''7G46CQ

MILK0M =B_D 








.FQ]'MO;L&W_\8+2A-

MAQ&A3\.56&MW3SA]Q)^%BO.@
NWU

M*)/%&/8_M[


MI45N2/P!)Y\H350:N+ZQ1^+55H^F)AX)O4%/G\4^PPA*^5&6W!:K52HV%1/Q

;=


M-3NHV4'-#FKVR-I;NX-UHBIXVW-IHIIY:\%PHFY;!W$*7
B3I:W%K+MX-[5\

M8&

-L9@8PPVQI&M%KW+=1
U/_9W8D_4(#F8*#=1@V47.6:B%LS.RHTE;BBW

MP?X?#




M.3\74GJ3-^Q8BM=X+PS@

M2H-B?CQ0X&.:!:6UM'N6DB7)2FC:!6K5QV-FMM4N8V@]/ODW^!%G!=[P&A-2



66_6R7


5A#/=Y?C-:PB$(

M22+X9G

M\)R1^T*NM=F\

MT'H'(O9./'$V?_;.M?'5QO83AN!R?@0;1&]1LK9;)G7FPLE97%J=(N B$\UO
MA[8Z_4&9FX;@WHF$

$T&DRCP$Q3)KG=OR'JEP@E=%7& =!Y

%24T_(R
I.)9K\
:G/KT0-XG

M0





D.'D#+%
K 0N)+RR:/E[%43W$7Q4
OX4BS39%.!]^0Q8.FRJE-)R]I72A;$#&AM4%\VWZOH&)7+KZ
M /8H5B!E#59=79/Q=W;^X3$5$H?#S1-

6[RY@Z^$C:
Z0DOKF-8UG1SA(;]D] KSJF =:A4J PG-AK':^6M?
M91_HEM1DTV8Z^+*!)M$H7M
^9O?0'5Y8/R-82$FIZN4M&'8+A7OVF2MO$
MT('BUC9G@0F[/K*K.-SQZW!$S*Y0B;7X61RM4@JF%C)*X?\A(D6OFH9P3#1

3IZ$L'MN-9

M46QU!'241









5R2ZPS:. @?N*0IV%I=48H;K1X-6-M*X




M+3/Q&3QO?38#_+C^V4=&KW&C)JY4AR35D*1:EL@O:R*4^X B.
_8;OQ
M'$6!!T-TH64O



J/B[.




P&YX[7


MM.)
YAR_RJKI-LAP %Y96VHE\^@)
=&X$L.RQ5$LI)+R3ED'7*W']IHV) V]






MY7MVCGQP.XB/:3/Y'\ M0!^39*_/@ G6]CE=-A%KX+(P?$Q4FP@=RXD;[YHO


NY&._J
MT6YST3:F!=R.T
FF:!VO!$X0Z@!H7VMW\MV#$X9ZFH0V/G!P0M% #*$/3P$G
M('6;A3Z2;
%MD 



MA&I;HT6+1)8!3!U*9PU
@)=B6Z-@N6YWE9YKAI/8T+


^DN.BI\ZI 9S7'T/LI0





%-KV
MZ8&\F1#QU(2\_K6'1][(4_IS?4J?;$[I\^J45M/BT*T'(F_%)GM%\__&N7Z&

WAN(,V)?H=BCH=&)/SVO0EHH$)<NWGM3)H #*



$JPB[EO%8SN/ZZUJ26J(DGI;45+]N!;J F;G6&Q5*+6]



FOA+:19P73-Z-\ORJ

M



MW\Y[[
K[#W51;?(?7-[/Q'+
TG64H!Q%18:*A.3/?F8_67ORC.W;*2^2 /
M]Q?C




MOLC.YG

#\0.]DLPR]M*MJ.=S-*@
MEOR@PGG[:G:),0EQ;BT@XV+JV]4=!GJ(U@TY3(G?))+I'J3PF(_Z ]W)W

MA'0IBU&H_*5.?3U $TN





7@RK!98S(IV9;(
2.\0MD;8
/ %WOEOM3!%@SO@#=!Z7 ')P!8OL\.
M5]I!*]=LZSX'=]Y;$+X/T^1G!W?*N^&S28$ =_0[0S3F%X!;A'80'9)PP)WX


'/S(Z&R!P4JP;/GU&%#CYU0V<:UHI

M7O]0W_:RLOI(UKD7!:*$GP:%;(J8B34E+I]NZM^AB/ 2_V443%VBMOJ_9*


^9])3]@:6W%R='
MCYBA!3[[AEE



M

G..CN@KN

,:6K0+AQC@R?['P8#$\(=WE:X@^(N<KEKH6PM-&J&^::286-(


E?Y]%RZ0@)F*31T'P@4Z./U9_0G


L1&
'*#S&Y2%.-61G
4E8=

M\GR/$F GNQ68HZ

R


M+7.S/)'G


M;TN(5&7E5[QWBU)==K*Z58^% ? YUM*@;M9O=0*KJ@2]$_#
N6292-\[$3?E
B!L^W3X2E%UFL)D719)Q4
MX6M&DR+.9^P6LT<2J_*K=<U&)53&UM0T\,:=V:KMA$CVGPA3K5S#[3OFWBS
M5IP+




8CX7(XFVFGCGYQ#QTXU!A/S;[?0J*4!#Y2S
MJO

:DF8F




#$Y
#(R.%]L



I;3?_\J





MW(11RYB/NK2
^1.U+!_/.[2'%P&T.@:IB2Z#5A_X3W5#Z'# J IZM0GO=$R_

MS4\^WW[UWQO:A!
GDCKID/^W;_=HC\=R6C1\CHIX!%O=XMN8\15U4QV.:UFP

M[O]2__H_KZH5+2ZYB[6F .W+AN8E+4_ORZJ(XNJ9;$W[:** Z77N6LH$=2+)


 /.&@I:V= XZ?R4
M/N3I
HTC_G





M9_X+%O\.R@!7FO+2?
.9CQ)#[=ZLBN0H52_B^3

1%5_





MWD7Y[^H+FJ%V&!'MZ\^UQ F:1! E0!5_/6
;1-4GC @S'EF)[M



;GION8C1


SGH)F\
Z05*PY

\R 
%5




6A^'$



[YX.10#O[=L

.7:N#2(]$8DF
9'OZ4]8ZF_ K1;XF
M^V-P= 4X(!1

F:MP'
MF

[5OVO
*(YWKMK 3Q T(1H6=C-NAB9O6WM




M/:-3$1;C^)/&#FW0,=?=I]A/'/(^J/\ZRS5QL;DFR4,FC*C?@]O^33&E;E

C\
:3:*?5O#;%2ZJ63U C574PB
57/*S(;2





.0W 9$SFIL<6Z9

MRJ39#*%CX@]U8I$:&]M6O(




:7PEA8
MO5= 4G%TR3 13? ;A][-ULN[@

X
MF_PVIQW<LWX'[$IN+&BW@3#,JJ*OXHOFSRAM=X\C?$5@/;QSKABL_JAI,$N3
MX$&XW!0?QDC,'^48Y1/+'[G%I(DLX.#]$$5!?W9'*,]POOP#E&<#FM?QB3&W
M-V(K?EM%137M[*0;FYMS?T'(/L04R)3 F$F)8DJL@]?4CS')JS)=G1J/B+
M_EG+V7K^SQQRE1Q-7!![XLM//-]^_

P



%
MR0K/#Z!T[RN&_C9+A\F.$(P[/Q9GUH'NE76NCY




UMMU
M[6:4-S2FZ2.D:5586UPG2$

0Q






0O)58'
;00



N
G6RYA.*T&XD*[C;X;QX*
M5O*E#*%6



MM.%XS9+JFM

*8M5F8L:B?


9YIB-AA(5A
.E6]KDO@P$R:&.5\ZS9/]
M
8*



S1IO
'Z3

2S

\)/-HU)+S:L[=.V9Y5W3B=\
MJ)K$\P*#TB3PP.%G6.ZADXAV:)
2DDT2)D'UIA7]BW[5[IFS:G*ZT0%&B4)0

MRM]+]5X
\[U18@









M\YU5V6?4JEBI*CQ$%H#I/P$#$CS *;9V6(]RKV*5H/Y]$UZ






=0-

R/]


M &= 3XK8=%;Z=1.DTR/)%X=_PY5*L[=A^E+\B1#H(@1EV#M6PZOXRSEB:T

MO;ZW'CIC+E6'S$?UW9_-MB
J2&VVC
:U6=C#%0G;-0Y8RL$3%O+;G8CK@ $0
M





MD-
SC2XT@(R[\&K#3GE;_A&N4Z&(@Z:ZH#8 &$QZ+ =)CU!UG
9=#O!2OJ
M7T$[U0N 

M$!7/=]#U:WX.7YZ

M)-


FR
M00_Y7PH(#4KCJGG!0+9\&RZ3;S+8903:&KF;?^9Q4L
% 7?!WE!15Q8.8
JC
MT
C1

M0CGYH*@F=K\[*%T3
* 1
SO

0U+]-Q*
6&G2D^T

MK/2)%'TCVNZC03F&N
D+F:[7$:3CA^N1HF34E\$&B[B!JB#D'0APME%D],
M4)(6)MGC; +*@A@.V+
G$R6X8%JFW575&
73]M4.Q/M]I@#SZ%^72OC_@)!
M4I_\Q


MJ:B5FAV);/\L;R\B.(ZF8DZDE+W&XRZC/7M_I4?T=[ &2/ !]]:7]4QOE'



MGI_1P.G3_FP*2B;*
\1!-&YMX7,%O6IQ+M=YQ]UPSR11Q4#-SHN26&?Q#B
MY+[B8(M*F'PQ!M(91,A[(:=SS'Q.G''9J70=%;L/E*]B5+W&##3#E8XZZLY#
M8#.0))(F?DVQ MUX&[.I1Y,)&$&J-*D%@NFR*EBTV@4KGFGFX,WHA_-H\E4
M%$+;Z[ WGE.FH#^@2X^O

MZ;#ZX'0ZI]2G
IXCOQKW;ENF.5^0SFD9%^FF#MT\C6/PKJ4%LO2.*6C09#H
M?IZ

M _SK8+%Y-L?XCNP_)5(0]!7J


M5(K@W?[TC /-
 K1TYUKC5#1G:P/5K C'*V:+A&$25#T.'6^I@74


)8&3'Q85-



L=
N?!8!W*9$\Z:&28AWEF 29O#OHY

M[Z8?)$ RC8-PR:2#/



8Z7L9RQ^@
.XY


M!M\XQKRN_?6T2N
5B2 1&0SQ?EN1G ]S!T_\.+P084%#XL*TF6@HW



D@6%<Q\3)\(S5(&F&U]1L7))ERX3F=[*\6_[0N$<?SRXZ
D4\6-8IAMJ

W7
S<
'L
]YZK!1;*!W SWV?IFB^!


V:Z]RN1$ FZ=GV)@!W(OONW
.MP7]1F:C'1.'(
M[(XPR+O8%UEYYS*_U[FIW%<;&GR(8WN(3]JJGPK

DO#HR8YB06J-
M@S$B?

ETQ^-.H?3EBIDPTG?*QBI*LY$

M'=/AQPP

M!\'X&#EV1T 8@*DSE\YR9
A:R]MU4WLD/JQ@4HZ6)8FRK$U!3YO\[7!BV'W(


Z%#
M-X[S .&9.


MLDFL\IVHI5QQ// ?.%AZC#((P3JMFBK'?X623 I9FO0M.OV*!@TOCQ% U.\
M4AQQUC@PZX.C$6UHD;+DMHJ*:MJT Y._-!M#OZ$.:0QT!
/G7@L#L1OP^

+7

12G#;7GA@+^

1;C^*(G[5Q


=\^187@;=/A*NK\*=_M
MXK6Z4T[F1UI



@3





I/J.<)'6:7Z$K)@WV[EKV6O(S%C_=6!(KCJ]MCN32:@N

4W7IW*1)ND02)D!9O D#VMYO^4;YRJ8P
MRW=V@_OJ

M*=##@\M*X&JLJ!P$]U!


MSRY
28OI#



4:?*+\/^4@6*P1AC-



MZ\WUZ.:B^ W($T'?[QF.-I/95
[Y%J.[G@K).DWMB
^=CSK(_:(C2


46


\9F

P0(
MTJ(@-0SQ\HR\$DB^#KO.39L+9L1@70D=JZP&Y8=E=G#-RIU#'TR4K_&.O?E)

MQQVZUI&#Y_=A#S4&N



B!.DB]FQ$Z_

M9'3A# \ESVO4=I0_EOV)KRI8R6-VT]$M6J





=A=I'N5Q&F7=


M';-25*:&&G1A#AETYIDA)L^#Z;NA#VD)%];5IVC=][A]J!G:\!UVY\GN[8D2
MH!K(ZBDXR7398QBZ=\UYM.+.85


MZ '[7%Z?DB\EGP )H]-.1XQ0X18/V0-:D!8263*^C@M0(B9H 64BH/6[*(._





M.]@*-K\F[)*8[*D85@E1)2P7&1VG4[+#@72U(QLBDH_+O^TRLHG_*U?)H-


2^P? &HP30L&E_8DJ]]S\'D*V2*



\

V(_V!:?_/^X3P_)_KLI%(._EQ]F+)O$K=#&
M^C+G2PD7@52Y']7ZQF(*Q+;OD(D/6QVTAUB1F6< 45['!ZS&QZ+SDA.0P7G
L5%&!+^M;K<(


DK !4WSN]84; G_L-9M.%_JY[G
M53+K!+LAF43
8SZ\F#;CM5ZM%Y9Q \#^1DAM/.S
EZ8=4L5HD2ENQ$+X

?%








MU[9!O T0NX1U0SF
!(^SEDWG5_ACZ0\T3V@Q&(FC^YG%X^=N]\XCL54GKQ)$

MP!2+YW07I*5


M-Y 170'3:RBYR'19XSOO 5\N:%D-7PDH6J%S&QSTYB^;P0%97/X+'*CNAHU
MU2:M?*
!?TBP#2Y8U@!X@
D/;BE596)*SA1*ZXW'Y=F:TSU!G6O[D_5( 7B
C
MCP%O@*H%&F+%)G(X=):;*UDJ0H3+0UW&T_M2U/Y6+@13.[7GDQ!R/D;^Q7<
M^XM(+M9 J#T

M0(KF0





/C_M$#F

.@V@
S-7!KY8L
10KP^Q9+X6_

]F=VMITVQL
]BE0@R3H
M'G-


 42




YY



M+R!_YX;&%5\Z
U3=%3=

MYV!\)=$PEB0H\?B@$74F]4:HR-%G!E#

M


@G=P#


MN'?GT:Q[\J+X[&Q695VN

MSGU!_O3-Z]=OR8JQ 4S79#O?UR\?OT:_I^4XSQ??VV6K$B_1=-%N2'Q2\_








)?!KOD^C649=3D&Q$-R3H<D-7%X=1;R+?F@; S=]1PQ





M/SH@B_./#)&C_*/YI!H_F/S^)./'?/%]M 

QR6A#[-S\SL3H

M_C18W&[R]_87]D

.I
6[DZI1^9#E=ND$3
^1/

LT1OC=9\AU&)@()%K<[S=R.5_5-B4'YB*

1F2?MFS'

;WXAKX44NJ+YE:W(
M]

M[5Y-OTXHERU/]K]J









M

M7^9BFC[0[/A2FK3.TN%OJ$7NJH XG)379!8DE8;*!TPNU%QF']OBME$#
M/

MM








MQ0FKFIG=;WB+\6WHA;R[&(S2'6:(Y\UADHC+DBB#BZ7^5FT2:LH&Y$0S:^P
M6\3AWITO=BUY(JK:7.:D1A!F2Z3):X9DXSDC:^9:Y:+)*331*[G0[M2UR'@


MZ)
9S\RYZ=DN0?E1L):7:\A'*V[NAV\4-;[ 6BYUS\Y-64.:=&D'-FX:C&8(

1RUKR+ECFM

M

MT7(H1
:C46/ )LV H1F#VEE7.5_JR*]W\(,72UE!);Z2:7N-QBS-M:WEUIB
M7(^Z$@) ;\HTK[X[*B5AD,MTTLG3P;=0 !M 1;0EC*/9Z#KX0.&KE'0OQ


40$7YM@XMP8+7B
KB2=D/5^1UG*
MIO(IP 6M-*$C;NI 2Y.KV


O*(

\/LAV

.4*F7&E\@%7&@9^?G$'O2XJKK@'@0
MX=-A
T/PSK.O
M SD_ V+!)G#*MU7-A0/VM[1:G6W+BD
JVON9PV28_Z*)TM!B.D';WBG$?.G1
M-%08%7
];L3Y7 .)/'%

M@=W]3 ^AP/N9'D06]S-6QFNRG]G4@* T1QLF/-
]S9 4HDJ8S5!5Y5F:@:H.


]BZPY[P32'D[Y9V 77&ZW3,R'UG
M0Q



?&-FUOHY]



MDQ=MO*$5&^



M7
$]:0(4%T12K_\QLX0+.I/ $)SU*WSOOWCN4JZX*4%WR

MTE;Z1 JP$6U?-Q]&(#%W)9ZY@KA=D0A%F&:-43[S4\4V+4B+E.CRQI$AL/N
MS,ELS2%R6IG:5F$^D+U8C;564@L;A*V$92\ZV\;(#\.VIQFP9W-C
*VQ^5Q
M-)Y;D]7ST&$*U27K
A+3'D


M=?=@Q'43AT



P2;PR/\%!QQ1CSA'JF8&UQ+=[IR?
M]8KG*C%0%6YY4&] R4NFRR#/+__YD"C


3DS&WB%
5:%CU0...YIH4(X%)8F:F?8T/$-<GX




MT
B/L;YIUHNE 36%6\PF8$/AR0RVP\30]/7G+WXFC/LRS$2FS1G/[DO*)95O




S,,
6NP\L?SCAWZT)D 8UD\071)QL!E&J7AE@.DSRG(6J5C;Q

IXT%\R(

M
QPG@TG=U2

MO%?+VB_6VK5-^A;]0%2#AOL7H%T0L-(V#T!GLF&:-A/
B+VS\@8'#L\G?.G&





T0[/




'QX)().2W^K^A5]]I4\*
^.S;58PIAW6?44WI'/\ [0ZJ.G;O
M #:49R-P&EQFTUGG.5%/'$/D*]SN ZATM)3T^ ?8%#W*CIWGYVDIDX8T^:TA
M'B@USSB7V736^16M=U&9\OWV

MS(S'P9)'G4

[_<]W
M'.% %*.-+LT.K5&D/=Z8 ,F0$8Y69NCXP-LVT-=Y &:P6=:0TV-+^_V7?J\

MFHM]Q5Q9\3Z?&).
8P0GH\T%1_9HFFXR(_[/R6*=K:+B@29W[(R5%82#R?T;
MRH*-].7$HBEHNK9P?7(.HMW (C4N. L 9#)84&*;H7R/S9RVO&M-QYSD_YPF





6FMZF*UL&J_\RL_?:/JPJFAR^D@+[F5^V@*@\S3;\M^)X
WR:EM!

M[/9L)?

B)Z1&
M
4^G4&-*QIQ!73X;FMV/4;Z%:@Q\!1@RO /-







WA-LIBJXF'=#23:).KBS(B?8


M*FU&ODUO1$)J:-GQGKS4[+5H8%G_KN\1'FG183X7S%[ 815V:/EPN?UG7_0;

MR(QA8L'(#)G'N



M#-X#_%GGCPXFZ7&2#B@9D(H[;V==Q@38]*S(Q7PO6I6S24RA_O6XF\)T2Z2X

M^080PWW

?V#7=4?ZOG%O&T*)&UA/8X#5


(;M_U$']

M/73_E6FY^8N8T%B+@6^=!1#0:#\G XP+TD$@?_7_UU;




MC2%F41D )


MT.88TB0F4'-_



6-A4CYD4U?&# ^ST;
VI
M0BR:H?M9#FNA#YP;)/F:MM[W5WRN'M-7/H^T&RE=WR8 C+OD[8QUW-/X:ADS
M8\&EESOBO^QN2K-)#YT3\9@!FIBEE.294/G*XZ#&;9.J^8/5?Q/V A?
[BLX





MF]%7^U*9O(K\&.BP!7,ZF#!? O\C!%U^7$'A+QT0*)8J9%2,1LIAK6SJ0RH
MKPSBR#[7-:NGW1=E(@E% VEY1KQ\F^LYFRH1(-
DL!#9H#(7['S2+@I8D[D

'97AB^#92]32Y^

,^;C WP(B,TO!#L);NWI6C!]645J5']59DW3


3HADFZ3]_?/NW-S_^@-*(Q#A=_//'KW?!R=W9
MU=6//V1YF
9A0E+TSQ]3\N/_^=__\W_\X_\+@D\H133

M)TOTP_\[O;W^(?CAS?N_O_UP\_F'K_=G/[Q[\_9C\.;7X-V'(/C?_TAP^NWO
M_#\/889^8$2D6?GG/W]\S//5WW_ZZ?GY^6_?'VCR-T(7/[U[\^;GGS:M?ZR;
M\V_C?-MAO_&O/U5?;IN^&OKYY[+MVX\?/_Y4?KMMFN&FAFS0MS_]O\_7=]$C



1I]$@BDK#YF8=13NCZ;Q%9

Q$6 HR#IS I2EX-NW!7T68X/F:+8D@
3\ $E__Q1]'5%4\(7)*&U 'NE
MZ1HMPJ3ZY9/O.&L@2]!A[+7RXI_\N\O)$?9/;G$*=N!.$SN-O.7G3QD.67S
M?$.9B]=X6UD-P^SAW(C9S0OE]A/*,DS_E=0G7U;;*/_GU7K[79_/?-2CM)

V/V+YH1&

:;&E(J31

M

Y?
MS



5R&5+\'U1&'E)V1B?K
M( [S
C2L(@QLY-T+42M08W:ATH]5:@MP+M


F!6SGOA'81)$
M8?88S!/R'. =^;HFG

9.I3 ;=
M[A

M3
CM5J%X@TF;3<:
ME??LAR3$[7\].$V5CG7&?I;RI/ 8??\OM!;5X)V8U%)EDN2WO$@^S(F)IL5

*TGPDFNW,ZL?O5@BNF ^43)


M;^&[]?*!) UT-7[O#G9\U# @R&PX!C!01Q!PN]#1Y?&:6P*]_QU=)PJ)2 TV


)H#+A='E%I)S)#9

M(G\DY9N

42Z=
M#AE;0\([R@1PQ!@KM/TV2,.\H@@\X#7R]_.BLKIV7%<AG2-?^&HP9XCJ.0
M%U6K#+&3+ B8[TW3W^ILFWL/P(B/#P@:[B(0)Z$O.+3O,SDI9.$+%
M08& YCT0]3FDWQ!?'\PJNF&'#^%+ZA(A



M

%+OQ^9-(:E1Y)BW'(
MNPW3!1)([=5W(Y(D7&4-WXY#UEV$TI!B\C7-5BABRC2*A5.J;#L2R1L]9T./

M4E1*'K


@ZR#?C
+(_& 62&?X7
M;1$C+R\GS:V=C/ T#
QT3R&#O/.?Q8QI/@[-LI2J/'94@5
MR97 ;C8PM-[2)EF+T&Y6
*0XWP ]+&#DZ2WQE[W,, &4X[($M%7Q$D5:&O



MJ+5



MEA
 *=#

!G1
M+B'C@@((DXJJ3 Q8$E.IG2@\=?5R;::^;[HXX AL&#Q3*6NI




2V?[*K3(E#(28QGZ2VWMBF[
M;D_##&=?4_+ WZ$
RWW'+';V-6%K/
'EA5*')I5Q!/):2 /_G$$![A
E*WRE

\(R9H6-3-+L'0MBQOZ.DR^#M.A.'P=
MIHU$W*[#!+JDB=Z-Z(I


M8OT:L9+7(6ZE@%)S[C460HY3%DP89@8 6=#B385AZ-/H@K .RA@OFD!0


M9_3AR$W-I+A

X@@Z50<?BF8R%&U:P(P/DO)!4CY(2K?0


MRDL/QI]Z0










MM\&8^S7(MNG8 0_?T;??)$



'07T
6/:/3&$[#9G&]P(SW[T!
MEIVN=VUNPC7_K-P6N[V1QAQ1_Q(N%?70!OPIC^
X6
S15SJTA_SA*AV.PH(R
M+DO9WN.8'L?T..9QXIC2YY2%QLS4N98;061



MQC\*$AP^X 3G6/MM^X&I
.J^'X
U'P%P0-9P$0!GA$U'Q!?

M:1%7;];IUS.9Y_4:N@^_5Q$]
H5W7HF\A;Q_87BBYF.%T :93W.H: #WV'

M[P@;)N







MZ




0'/;

M
TZ

.

Q?8PT@BS2.&*';B?+27@9ZOZ\=2K4K/&

MNE?IJ



M1%OAM

M9O-M3

MLL#
^CE8U6&X)0J'-C&X08KR=E:7QH@FC3!M
KU-9MXFTY@TD(FFO0BLJ*30

M^4YNPG6UNY3);EW&&=(@U5M^(&NTS8HV8XI64U$_$_MR)BX)G54).NGBFD^4
M?(X'&=ND:#C%%]]Y 0FDR;BRI[?3O9WN[73S6F6OI[@WTKV1[HUT;Z1[(UW'

M@5 =ZXS4JJ;Q21I?X_ !)SC'VD!/J]%
V]8!&L^(,5[1!!\'@FT4%-(CU2:!XI!$\9#747 !CFI+G..-'
M64'9L=O\P
P)I6&ZJ%YO.%WOVM0NF9/GD

MG_&O*6:7%Z?]A.L ; %KHF^]_HI]XBK)KUXPRGJ5$'Q@CU*ZAU)Z
&]ZYFA?



OT


M


M?C9S?BA)V3^CJJ0ENV_/'GF!R^PJW6_#SG#
K@$-3*3/'_&0B8=
/&1B7ITW





M


MV+5#^*G ID-




M(W3#V



M[
[?]XS*AG79YY &
M!!'_R6S+,JOHDE!9SI&$\S9CF&#U=$<9XRLNNZID)_#ANU
GY[(3LI?J[7[




M=K.!H?66-LF*@G:S@B'%*07H80$;M8
F7*W4#[VNEBU9[AT];;+ZQY&VC]
MKMR2W_CJMB[B;1I]1!8I?U=7S)G&($9GK:;NU5Q((0%@K_'9N5BN$K)&&^2_

KHG!F*J*=5P26G_$

MQ4HK3

BQFV?NY&;+[HQIN#B_)LRT$[&N
8)A1@7O$WW-T+Q(
ZGSS@EE.F^F]#3K:M\9[R<KF_AEC-


[(;N^^

MX![4Z^!!=CA55LM.-Y9)KN_?
KKJ?+F.P8EEFMA5EA4H/B^?!:O.FRIAH7DG
M2D^]EL


G7WU_#M?(58!A/6X


*FH*BJ#)?&;G9* G[IZ-2NFOF^Z..



M['E_.E0H'\Z_8ZW 8#4U!P3SK95
FUJ^ T*WULD)].S]@8G0+IY=WJ 8$=


OZ[R; Y?/
!69,O0+97#A3M_L&%RXH$?*X!)WQZ+IJUPP7';N
M6$#O*$.%Z1#IE+\A&B.
R:=KF;1.W?



E:S*;W[%/
W[8LN_DSUGU-;S9=^TZ\L .%9J?LX-%
M\I[%

7_K$+7]5PC*J&EO(-3U
9\KJ&(S1V

_HL7+%O\K4&<Z(A

MO7]V:&+W[1;)QA0U

M4AO6KL@K/(HP!]7-@U@;8# 9F?6!T#E 7HNCR?^26[^N[(T()9!ZP5+)[)

_4@J#V7P/69(FK%Z/*T.V(E!4B4%J6A^@6
MT=YR=)/A[)U(]K'L!V0=5[4



MAWLEBE71PHKF=C @CQI6=C#!!-=+#ZI0HA0]ATF#*@GL930AH($T3A.SUNMK
M5(.GEQU-LK5YKN6._2 2[9&7C7PLMQVQW-



M]9S0\EE;MNCXV\N1P-?88B233M^+^1Q%_)W4JW+7
ZIY*LI+Y/XDOT3L\JG6


M






GIF$O




%KS^CCC+0M+LN'QIFZ3$S^&?A)X564Z6[/QL)*VQI5F_6



MNFZ^-NHF#1.4U81\00HWJ:RM3\1$CX!RS1/L$+._0] Y-!6KC$[TU&_2
M0C=T6#[-II9


JDZ_U&C2G-_0QJTB^GH+QIU=472#M12 :T4 SU



\X28(PC0/






F0I+R89IZU
HSFN\IM^RO0\66
M??3O&O%I304?C\2:3B5D];T_3BDW?+5T+U&[\;D22AK!J^-6#$\GVB2*!O
 5]NP9=;&$%OLC:@H8T;X BC^$T!PT<8\S^D*^.(@O^M#!.P(2#J?87
M2_81Q6$24/2$

M$AP^X 3G&'6.J1J7*J-A6298]9%=!V0-%]EU1MCT1'P!W9.3*&*'7WR]FR;Q



M^O$ZB9MSR)\:7W#_*IB2@^=K7K@19UL:K]*S@G)=[;]12%^OYDQ:2J;3F#XU


)$L^WI[EGKPZ^T
Z6*X@/5+37[/9&*D?2%IU'@::/?W$+
=$/
P




MF/

EV YH])'A1GL


?*?3BV
/ *.);R/:8_P/*(<N\/: %5#F4K
MF84U(Y)F)

&JAL.[(AZ+$;N1Y
[!]




-N]FJ6)]8QBTE89T0&/8(S&H)3%N]/9M6TD#2[
M#/ELV30/CV0=T^+Z!M;+OSQQ15?2&*J%$U[(.8/=AX_DB)#=ZLP:LZF5K8;

M^JW'L9QEZ1.E'4;RS@KOK.C'63&.YNS]$L?CEVA_EI


ME RWW1R0F1!3&^Y:F[[4A @L6&B_'*'01&@]6&B_'IO0Q#@H6&;OCTUF%J96


M/C!EAXW -9P52K


28
7)5985*!8H:8/\1I!^L

VOV:@7S?ZQM0+/D(
MA@.R3#P@-,P$@[S@RZN
?'?2YSB'%WC)W[C;'@X*5G8?T?ZHJ+WA&=M\J@W




A7=#/(T.]A

B

M@B(SP\4Z3T)


?I=/J
Z71E9
M[ Y;GC



MD];WD!QY6]R\+3[
_((L\R&7UNC!T2=I?
NW8E)75!)9N[*VXY






M!



F3V#-0XGI6]FV2I\W3D&8
N/$.H-$<0.?U1+'=6Y4+V;XC<K*9I%=G7Y-_H\TX





Z9J

C(*%TQ&0
MAQM'@QN;8MNO<?B $_9;KX-M0'WZ?1#A$Y[G9R&-M[]PUAA]!6IK3E!^G$4
M_'
*.QZ&H$Z!DW%JNG&UHB;M9

M-&=3Q).\]?CD?R(D?L9)(J#W\&NCB:

M25J:)5NI0
@;CT_\%Y*7._:A*D.V*GL9_),$A.GG!](5^,5%6J0%GQ2P3J9
M8J8J424_KB0MC9(-D?M^0_-+!P;&-;8U2?P-Y0\9Y.N;)SS/KF6L.*HE%A#


M\



Y?M

MT2QA?S87D:S#MGH4:]A]1:$





-@&+Q_)J

QE#3O2S )0'Q.L;-_FO2<&LM5
M]!R&XFM*GY5;%#UB^^(1CA#3/G@1\2L?.Y9%#X^X]9*C9.Z566%2CF_PW3
M
DR9;H
0BL;H)DHU;&N-2<\'83NC)+\T

U4QB7=O


M+W'*+EK


 7.(#FJ??EEAU.;JO*7

M

MY.JOGE:RZS

\0HW

MD4YJ+P\3
^+*&2!7;H#IMP[I
&J.IZBJF+B)]279-LYQZH:&OJ0T8[ZG?ECU
M)R!PE/AP*LG(EZB) TUX5]I6

\[
&!

Q5RB3;

MI'

V+'0AJ]=UR#]:!EOS(2-KW'X@)

M-9A+Z2AV





IM*SX_]3*K7)F\Y($7\.JJPB[.%%6=







MR




/
?F$ZS88L3F2C
MLMAAA''8NV.'=LC
SJ]IMD(16WLH%C*B;#L2R9N=M:%'L+JD[0Q4_R_W;AE@
M2





+OM[B

MR!_K+BM+SPDM7S;8A)1 .8./9 ';[!^;SVI5;O_Y=G8&U)I==L&T$K)&+[Z&
M2J27'[%26)N23HR'\GW3


G21EX
M/?5$V#$.


XS
.@2

B
MQOF++QB%15)AE7LE5UL^(#/(CQM]
&9 CGSDW@%9!B+WAIE?4#3?D$MK3 _1

6L)G8:9

MO7LM3!+*KLL*_^(VHX#4%VU



V;]77 &OQ

M..;!







MT-4=##!!TL4]HLMS]*P_R4MS9*MU!_DC0W47%YN0NO29CJ(##@?C:QI)P=
MG:[C
JS013$ @T=NTR;U]0HEXRJ@SL)+:VVB4\B
M<3^)1#'!OF*:'3%EAB3QFL_]$RU%]05@<A9?9&!H.U.=67[@&4$CVYQ)2(<
M+!I-V


M4 @Z




SI2T@U('\[F
J .ZHE*';L\(
!NNW!T
UAWHC+VG.&'
O8'9 U7!T[X7

1-HQ\T)I2&S
MACC+I^M=DYMPS3\ZX7S-2AYY*=PYPGG!-O9579GY0)8#_E*0?IRNY#ZQAOF6


($P[ZOI



$PW!HS$ $]CDP!MNL _J6/E513

M%]VH#^)P&OE;Z WS+6UCHH+G1LBEFOZ5B3B[O?OZ\@W05\4[ 7TFY&2I(G.N

MZ



G^LN?

+[JC6 *_B\7V%N-IZ3_A'^O#(6YFX

_*AXV'H?'NY(DIUC(4$9G(ET$2YGC3P
M*E=D

MCS/$!TU9A




S8OD&L]%/G&=KC8Q!E1@V@]D
@1#0NWI^G/X

O


4$3!(:+A#V%JA26




\JS3X$[(
YO\9C?7KF=8OKT ;CZ$

0&U-X1\<A6/EKUN8@S0N60*[*9<W!_
_CVKS=^+[U%2
M\!IS'






MO^'_X8^'L4_^?U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4ZF1Q81J8D! &L5(  1
M        0    !R;6-F+3(P,3DP,C(X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4Z:
MQD=4U!@  ]2 0 1                =B) 0!R;6-F+3(P,3DP,C(X+GAS
M9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4YU%/@TR0T  'O2   5                =NB
M 0!R;6-F+3(P
3DP
C(X7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

M ')M8V8M
C Q.3 R
CA?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #-TO4[(T81_T&H

3DP
C(X7W!R92YX;6Q0


