

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-18-010031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180515
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180515
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616262
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				471535633
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36865
		FILM NUMBER:		18837395
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 TURNER DRIVE
		CITY:			DURANGO
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(970) 259-0554
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 TURNER DRIVE
		CITY:			DURANGO
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rocky Mountain Brands
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140808









	
	







WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549




 2018









 Inc.


		

			


			


		

			


			





 Durango
 CO 81303

 including ZIP code)



 including area code)




		
			
			
			
			

		
			


			
			

		
			
			
			
			






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#39;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			




 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;









 2017
 the last day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter) held by non-affiliates was $46
459
484. For purposes of this calculation
 shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by holders of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock have been excluded since those persons may under certain circumstances be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.


 2018
 there were 5
905
436 shares of our common stock outstanding.




 2018.











 INC.








			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


			




			


			




			


			




ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


			




			


			




			


			




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


			




			


			














 includes statements of our expectations
 intentions
 plans and beliefs that constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended

 as amended
 to changing economic
 competitive
 regulatory and technological conditions
 risks and uncertainties. The statements
 other than statements of historical fact
eport are forward-looking statements. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as &quot;will
&quot; &quot;intend
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;anticipate
&quot; &quot;should
&quot; &quot;plan
&quot; &quot;estimate
&quot; &quot;potential
&quot; or similar expressions. Factors which could cause results to differ include
 but are not limited to: changes in the confectionery business environment
 seasonality
 products
 general economic conditions
 
 receptiveness of our products internationally
trends
 costs and availability of raw materials
 competition
 the success of our co-branding strategy
 either are or may be subject to and which could cause results to differ from forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to: local
 state and federal laws regarding health
 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire codes
 franchising
licensing
employment
 manufacturing
 actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements contained herein
eport. As such they should not be unduly relied upon for more current circumstances. Except as required by law
 














 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its subsidiaries (including its operating subsidiary with the same name
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;RMCF&rdquo;) (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) is an international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in 1981
 we are headquartered in Durango
 Colorado and manufacture an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. Our wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;)
 franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt caf&eacute;s. Our revenues and profitability are derived principally from our franchised/license system of retail stores that feature chocolate
 frozen yogurt and other confectionary products. We also sell our candy in selected locations outside of our system of retail stores and license the use of our brand with certain consumer products. As of March 31
 2018
 there were four Company-owned
 87 licensee-owned and 250 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores operating in 38 states
 Canada
 South Korea
 Panama
 and the Philippines. As of March 31
 2018
 U-Swirl operated five Company-owned caf&eacute;s
 82 franchised caf&eacute;s and 33 licensed locations located in 28 states and Qatar. U-Swirl operates self-serve frozen yogurt caf&eacute;s under the names &ldquo;U-Swirl
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s Yo!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&rdquo;.


 through our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 including Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&ldquo;ALY&rdquo;)
 we entered into two agreements to sell all of the assets of our ALY frozen yogurt stores
 along with our interest in the self-serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; which we also acquired in January 2013
 to U-Swirl
 Inc. (&ldquo;SWRL&rdquo;)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in SWRL (46% equity interest as of February 28
 2018). Upon completion of these transactions
 we ceased to directly operate any Company-owned ALY locations or sell and support frozen yogurt franchise locations
 which were being supported by SWRL. The SWRL Board of Directors is composed solely of board members also serving on our Board of Directors.


 SWRL acquired the franchise rights and certain other assets of self-serve frozen yogurt concepts under the names &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&rdquo; In connection with these acquisitions
 we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 we entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &ldquo;SWRL Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
 we foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl on February 29
 2016 in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary as of February 29
 2016
 and concurrently we ceased to have financial control of SWRL as of February 29
 2016. As of February 28
 2018
 SWRL had no operating assets.


 and the aroma and sight of products being made attracts foot traffic and assures customers that products are fresh.


 our reputation for the quality
 variety and taste of our products
 the special ambiance of our stores
 our knowledge and experience in applying criteria for selection of new store locations
 our expertise in the manufacture of chocolate candy products and the merchandising and marketing of confectionary products
 and the control and training infrastructures we have implemented to assure consistent customer service and execution of successful practices and techniques at our stores.


 fundraising
 corporate sales
 mail order
 private label and internet sales.



		
			

			



 where feasible and appropriate;




		
			

			



800 to 3
000 square feet;




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			





 we recognize that its acquisition strategy may lead U-Swirl to purchase competitors with diverse layouts.








 CherryBerry
 Yogli Mogli
 Fuzzy Peach
 Let&rsquo;s Yo! and Yogurtini locations are similar to that of U-Swirl
 although their locations use different color schemes and are typically smaller than the U-Swirl caf&eacute;s.


 other confectionery products and frozen yogurt (including products manufactured by us) (11%-12%-12%) and (iii) the collection of initial franchise fees and royalties from franchisees (21%-22%-23%). For FY 2018
 approximately 97% of our revenues were derived from domestic sources
 with 3% derived from international sources. The figures in parentheses above show the percentage of total revenues attributable to each source for the FY 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


 the total U.S. candy market generated approximately $35.8 billion of retail sales in 2015


 published in January 2017 by Packaged Facts
 in 2016 the U.S. market for ice cream and related frozen desserts
 including frozen yogurt and frozen novelties
 grew to $28 billion.





 other confectionery products and frozen yogurt. We continually seek opportunities to profitably expand our business. To accomplish this objective
 we employ a business strategy that includes the elements set forth below.




 primarily developed by our master candy makers. A typical Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store offers up to 100 of our chocolate candies throughout the year and as many as 200
 including many packaged candies
 during the holiday seasons. Individual stores also offer numerous varieties of premium fudge and gourmet caramel apples
 as well as other products prepared in the store from Company recipes.




 enjoyable and inviting atmosphere in each of our store locations. Unlike most other confectionery stores
 each Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store prepares numerous products
 including fudge
 barks and caramel apples
 in the store. In-store preparation is designed to be both fun and entertaining for customers and we believe the in-store preparation and aroma of our products enhance the ambiance at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores
 are fun and entertaining for our customers and convey an image of freshness and homemade quality. To ensure that all stores conform to the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory image
 our design staff has developed easily replicable designs and specifications and approves the construction plans for each new store. We also control the signage and building materials that may be used in the stores.




 including tenant mix
 visibility
 attractiveness
 accessibility
 level of foot traffic and occupancy costs. Final site selection occurs only after our senior management has approved the site. We believe that the experience of our management team in evaluating a potential site is one of our competitive strengths.


















			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			









			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			





 the earliest period same store sales are reported is for FY 2016.


 fun and excitement of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory retail store experience. We also believe that the successful launch of new packaging has had a positive impact on same store sales.




 same store pounds purchased by franchisees and licensees decreased 4.9% compared to the prior fiscal year. We continue to add new products and focus our existing product lines in an effort to increase same store pounds purchased by existing locations. We believe historical decreases in same store pounds purchased
 including for FY 2018
 were due
 in part
 to a product mix shift from factory-made products to products made in the store such as caramel apples.




 implementation of a comprehensive Advanced Planning and Scheduling system for production scheduling
 implementation of alternative manufacturing strategies
 installation of enhanced Point-of-Sale systems in all of our Company-owned and the majority of our franchised stores
 and implementation of a serial/lot tracking and warehouse management system. These measures have significantly improved our ability to deliver our products to our stores safely
 quickly and cost-effectively and impact store operations.




 including both our candy products and our frozen yogurt business. Beginning in January 2013 with the acquisition of a controlling interest in SWRL
 we began an initiative to improve profitability through the acquisition of self-serve frozen yogurt franchise systems. We believe that the rapid growth of the self-serve frozen yogurt market has created a highly fragmented franchise environment. We believe we can leverage the strategies that we have developed over time to improve our profitability and bring the benefits of scale to smaller franchisors. During FY 2013 and FY 2014
 we acquired Yogurtini
 CherryBerry
 Yogli Mogli and Fuzzy Peach frozen yogurt concepts. During FY 2016
 we acquired the Let&rsquo;s Yo! frozen yogurt concept.














 despite the difficult financing environment for our concepts
 in locations where we have traditionally been successful
 to pursue new and developing real estate environments for franchisees which appear promising based on early sales results
 and to improve and expand our retail store concepts
 such that previously untapped and unfeasible environments generate sufficient revenue to support a successful Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory or U-Swirl location.




 outlet centers
 tourist areas
 street fronts
 airports
 other entertainment-oriented environments and strip centers. We have established a business relationship with most of the major developers in the United States and believe that these relationships provide us with the opportunity to take advantage of attractive sites in new and existing real estate environments.




 but growth has generated a gradual easterly momentum as new stores have been opened in the eastern half of the country. We believe this growth has further increased our name recognition and demand for our franchises. We believe that distribution of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products through specialty markets also increases name recognition and brand awareness in areas of the country in which we have not previously had a significant presence and we believe it will also improve and benefit our entire store system.


 enjoyable and inviting atmosphere in each of our store locations. Unlike most other confectionery stores
 each Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store prepares numerous products
 including fudge
 barks and caramel apples
 in the store. Customers can observe store personnel making fudge from start to finish
 including the mixing of ingredients in old-fashioned copper kettles and the cooling of the fudge on large granite or marble tables
 and are often invited to sample the store&#39;s products. An average of approximately 52% of the revenues of franchised stores are generated by sales of products prepared on the premises. In-store preparation is designed to be both fun and entertaining for customers and we believe the in-store preparation and aroma of our products enhance the ambiance at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores
 are fun and entertaining for our customers and convey an image of freshness and homemade quality.


 our design staff has developed easily replicable designs and specifications and approves the construction plans for each new store. We also control the signage and building materials that may be used in the stores.


000 square feet
 approximately 650 square feet of which is selling space. Most stores are open seven days a week. Typical hours are 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
 Monday through Saturday
 and 12 noon to 6 p.m. on Sundays. Store hours in tourist areas may vary depending upon the tourist season.


 we began testing co-branded locations
 such as the co-branded stores with Cold Stone Creamery. Co-branding a location is a vehicle to exploit retail environments that would not typically support a stand-alone Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store. Co-branding can also be used to more efficiently manage rent structure
 payroll and other operating costs in environments that have not historically supported stand-alone Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores. As of February 28
 2018
 Cold Stone Creamery franchisees operated 87 co-branded locations
 our U-Swirl franchisees operated 12 co-branded locations and three Company-owned co-branded units were in operation.


 the United Arab Emirates
 the Republic of Panama
 South Korea
 the Republic of the Philippines
 Vietnam
 Qatar and Japan. We believe that international opportunities may create a favorable expansion strategy and reduce dependence on domestic franchise openings to achieve growth.








 2018:




			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			






 caramels
 creams
 toffees
 mints and truffles. These products are offered for sale and also configured into approximately 400 varieties of packaged assortments. We continue to engage in a major effort to expand our product line by developing additional exciting and attractive new products. During the Christmas
 Easter and Valentine&#39;s Day holiday seasons
 we may make as many as 100 items
 including many candies offered in packages
 that are specially designed for the holidays. A typical Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store offers up to 100 of these approximately 700 chocolate candies and other confectionery products throughout the year and up to an additional 100 during holiday seasons. Individual stores also offer more than 15 varieties of caramel apples and other products prepared in the store. On average
 approximately 43% of the revenues of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores are generated by products manufactured at our factory
 52% by products made in individual stores using our recipes and ingredients purchased from us or approved suppliers and the remaining 5% by products such as ice cream
 coffee and other sundries purchased from approved suppliers.


 approximately 34% of our product sales result from the sale of products outside of our system of franchised and licensed locations
 which we refer to as specialty markets. The majority of sales to specialty markets are to a single customer. For FY 2018
 this customer represented approximately 58% of total shipments to specialty markets. These products are produced using the same quality ingredients and manufacturing processes as the products sold in our network of retail stores. See Item 1.A &ldquo;Risk Factors&mdash;Our Sales to Specialty Market Customers
 Customers Outside Our System of Franchised Stores
 Are Concentrated Among a Small Number of Customers.&rdquo;


 nutmeats and other wholesome ingredients in our candies and continually strive to offer new confectionery items in order to maintain the excitement and appeal of our products. We develop special packaging for the Christmas
 Valentine&#39;s Day and Easter holidays
 and customers can have their purchases packaged in decorative boxes and fancy tins throughout the year.


 with an average price of $23.32 per pound. Franchisees set their own retail prices
 though we do recommend prices for all of our products.


 including custom and seasonal specialty flavors. Our toppings bars feature up to 70 toppings allowing for a customizable frozen dessert experience. Caf&eacute;s typically sell frozen yogurt by the ounce
 with prices generally ranging between $0.44 and $0.59 per ounce.




 outlet centers
 tourist areas
 street fronts
 airports and other entertainment-oriented shopping centers. Each of these environments has a number of attractive features
 including high levels of foot traffic. Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory domestic franchise locations in operation as of February 28
 2018 include:




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			













 2018
 there were Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in approximately 42 regional centers
 including a location in the Mall of America in Bloomington
 Minnesota. Although they often provide favorable levels of foot traffic
 regional centers typically involve more expensive rent structures and competing food and beverage concepts.




 2018
 there were approximately 41 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in outlet centers. We have established business relationships with most of the major outlet center developers in the United States. Although not all factory outlet centers provide desirable locations for our stores
 we believe our relationships with these developers will provide us with the opportunity to take advantage of attractive sites in new and existing outlet centers.


 
 Airports


 2018
 there were approximately 29 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in locations considered to be tourist areas
 including Fisherman&#39;s Wharf in San Francisco
 California and the River Walk in San Antonio
 Texas. Tourist areas are very attractive locations because they offer high levels of foot traffic and favorable customer spending characteristics
 and greatly increase our visibility and name recognition. We believe there are a number of other environments that have the characteristics necessary for the successful operation of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores such as airports and sports arenas. As of February 28
 2018
 there were 10 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores at airport locations.




 such as late at night.






 and we continuously seek to improve our franchise support services. Our concept has been rated as an outstanding franchise opportunity by publications and organizations rating such opportunities. In January 2011
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory was rated the number one franchise opportunity in the candy category by Entrepreneur Magazine (the last publication of this category ranking). As of March 31
 2018
 there were 250 franchised stores in the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system and 82 franchised stores under the U-Swirl frozen yogurt brands. We strive to bring this philosophy of service and commitment to all of our franchised brands and believe this strategy gives us a competitive advantage in the support of frozen yogurt franchises.




 to interested consumers who have visited Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores and to existing franchisees. We also advertise for new franchisees in national and regional newspapers as suitable potential store locations come to our attention. Franchisees are approved by us on the basis of the applicant&#39;s net worth and liquidity
 together with an assessment of work ethic and personality compatibility with our operating philosophy.




 we entered into a franchise development agreement covering Canada with Immaculate Confections
 Ltd. of Vancouver
 British Columbia (&ldquo;Immaculate Confections&rdquo;). Pursuant to this agreement
 Immaculate Confections purchased the exclusive right to franchise and operate Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in Canada. As of March 31
 2018
 Immaculate Confections operated 61 stores under this agreement.


 with a licensee that meets minimum qualifications to develop Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 or a brand of U-Swirl in that country. License agreements are generally entered into for a period of 3-10 years and allow the licensee exclusive development rights in a country. Generally
 we require an initial license fee and commitment to a development schedule. International license agreements in place at February 28
 2018 include the following:


		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the country of South Korea. As of March 31
 2018
 one unit was operating under this agreement.











		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the Republic of the Philippines. As of March 31
 2018
 four units were operating under the agreement.





		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the Republic of the Panama. As of March 31
 2018
 one unit was operating under the agreement.





		
			

			



 we entered into a Licensing Agreement in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. As of March 31
 2018
 there were no units operating under the agreement.





		
			

			



 we have additional international development agreements covering Canada and the State of Qatar. As of March 31
 2018
 one unit was operating in Qatar.







 we entered into a Master License Agreement with Kahala Franchise Corp. Under the terms of the agreement
 select current and future Cold Stone Creamery franchise stores are co-branded with both the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and the Cold Stone Creamery brands. Locations developed or modified under the agreement are subject to the approval of both parties. Locations developed or modified under the agreement will remain franchisees of Cold Stone Creamery and will be licensed to offer the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory brand. As of March 31
 2018
 Cold Stone Creamery franchisees operated 87 stores under this agreement.


 we allow U-Swirl brands to offer Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products under terms similar to other co-branding agreements. As of March 31
 2018
 there were 15 franchise and Company-owned U-Swirl caf&eacute;s offering Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products.




 customer service
 merchandising
 pricing
 cooking
 inventory and cost control
 quality standards
 record keeping
 labor scheduling and personnel management. Training is based on standard operating policies and procedures contained in an operations manual provided to all franchisees
 which the franchisee is required to follow by terms of the franchise agreement. Additionally
 and importantly
 trainees are provided with a complete orientation to our operations by working in key factory operational areas and by meeting with members of our senior management.


 marketing and customer service to all front-line store level employees to maximize their skills and ensure that they are fully versed in our proven techniques.


 who maintain regular and frequent communication with the stores by phone and by site visits. The field consultants also review and discuss store operating results with the franchisee and provide advice and guidance in improving store profitability and in developing and executing store marketing and merchandising programs.






 factory ordering
 merchandising
 advertising and accounting procedures. Through their regular visits to franchised stores
 our field consultants audit performance and adherence to our standards. We have the right to terminate any franchise agreement for non-compliance with our operating standards. Products sold at the stores and ingredients used in the preparation of products approved for on-site preparation must be purchased from us or from approved suppliers.












 franchisees pay us (i) an initial franchise fee for each store
 (ii) royalties based on monthly gross sales
 and (iii) a marketing fee based on monthly gross sales. Franchisees are generally granted exclusive territory with respect to the operation of their stores only in the immediate vicinity of their stores. Chocolate and yogurt products not made on the premises by franchisees must be purchased from us or approved suppliers. The franchise agreements require franchisees to comply with our procedures of operation and food quality specifications
 to permit inspections and audits by us and to remodel stores to conform with standards then in effect. We may terminate the franchise agreement upon the failure of the franchisee to comply with the conditions of the agreement and upon the occurrence of certain events
 such as insolvency or bankruptcy of the franchisee or the commission by the franchisee of any unlawful or deceptive practice
 which in our judgment are likely to adversely affect the system. Our ability to terminate franchise agreements pursuant to such provisions is subject to applicable bankruptcy and state laws and regulations. See &quot;Business&nbsp;- Regulation.&quot;


 if exercised
 would allow us to purchase the interest proposed to be transferred under the same terms and conditions and for the same price as offered by the proposed transferee.


 and franchisees have the right to renew for one additional ten-year term.




 but we have developed relationships with several sources of franchisee financing to whom we will refer franchisees. Typically
 franchisees have obtained their own sources of such financing and have not required our assistance.


 we began an initiative to finance entrepreneurial graduates of the Missouri Western State University (&ldquo;MWSU&rdquo;) entrepreneurial program. Beginning in FY 2010
 recent graduates were awarded the opportunity to own a Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchise under favorable financing terms. Prior to FY 2014
 the financing was provided by an independent benefactor of the MWSU School of Business. Beginning in FY 2014
 we began to finance the graduates directly
 under similar terms as the previous financing facility. This program has generally included financing for the purchase of formerly Company-owned locations or for the purchase of underperforming franchise locations. As of February 28
 2018
 approximately $291
000 was included in notes receivable as a result of this program. As of March 31
 2018
 there were 15 units in operation by graduates of the MWSU entrepreneurial program.




 we began a program to finance the remodel costs of a select number of co-branded licensed Cold Stone Creamery locations. The financing was provided to existing Cold Stone Creamery franchisees that were required to meet a number of financial qualifications prior to approval. At February 28
 2018
 approximately $37
000 was included in notes receivable as a result of this program.




 2018
 there were four Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores and five Company-owned U-Swirl caf&eacute;s. Company-owned stores provide a training ground for Company-owned store personnel and district managers and a controllable testing ground for new products and promotions
 operating and training methods and merchandising techniques
 which may then be incorporated into the franchise store operations.














 Colorado. All products are produced consistent with our philosophy of using only the finest high-quality ingredients to achieve our marketing motto of &quot;


 we can better maintain our high product quality standards
 offer unique
 proprietary products
 manage costs
 control production and shipment schedules and potentially pursue new or under-utilized distribution channels.




 including nuts
 caramel
 peanut butter
 creams and jellies
 and then coating them with chocolate or other toppings. All of these processes are conducted in carefully controlled temperature ranges
 and we employ strict quality control procedures at every stage of the manufacturing process. We use a combination of manual and automated processes at our factory. Although we believe that it is currently preferable to perform certain manufacturing processes
 such as dipping of some large pieces by hand
 automation increases the speed and efficiency of the manufacturing process. We have from time to time automated processes formerly performed by hand where it has become cost-effective for us to do so without compromising product quality or appearance.


 and we encourage franchisees and store managers to order only the quantities that they can reasonably expect to sell within approximately two to four weeks. For these reasons
 we generally do not have a significant backlog of orders.




 nuts
 sugar
 corn syrup
 cream and butter. The factory receives shipments of ingredients daily. To ensure the consistency of our products
 we buy ingredients from a limited number of reliable suppliers. In order to assure a continuous supply of chocolate and certain nuts
 we frequently enter into purchase contracts of between six to eighteen months for these products. Because prices for these products may fluctuate
 we may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but we may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall. We have one or more alternative sources for most essential ingredients and therefore believe that the loss of any supplier would not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We currently purchase small amounts of finished candy from third parties on a private label basis for sale in Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores.




 we back-haul our own ingredients and supplies
 as well as products from third parties
 on return trips
 which helps achieve even greater efficiencies and cost savings.






 and to create and update our local store marketing handbooks.


 including advertisements
 coupons
 flyers and mail order catalogs generated by our in-house Creative Services department. The department works directly with franchisees to implement local store marketing programs.


 and do not intend to
 engage in national traditional media advertising in the near future. Consistent with our commitment to community support
 we aggressively seek opportunities to participate in local and regional events
 sponsorships and charitable causes. This support leverages low cost
 high return publicity opportunities for mutual gain partnerships. Through programs such as Fudge for Troops
 and collaborations with Sylvan Learning Centers and other national/local organizations focused on youth/leadership development and underserved populations in our community
 we have developed relationships that define our principal platforms
 and contribute to charitable causes that provide great benefits at a national level.










 we initiated a program to leverage the marketing benefits of various social media outlets. These low-cost marketing opportunities seek to leverage the positive feedback of our customers to expand brand awareness through a customer&rsquo;s network of contacts. Complementary to local store marketing efforts
 these networks also provide a medium for us to communicate regularly and authentically with customers. When possible
 we work to facilitate direct relationships between our franchisees and their customers. We use social media as a powerful tool to build brand recognition
 increase repeat exposure and enhance dialogue with consumers about their preferences and needs. To date
 the majority of stores have location specific websites and location specific Facebook&reg; pages dedicated to help customers interact directly with their local store. Proceeds from the monthly marketing fees collected from franchisees are used by us to facilitate and assist stores in managing their online presence consistent with our brand and marketing efforts.




 which was manufactured
 marketed
 and distributed by Kellogg&rsquo;s Company. Some of our specialty markets customers have worked with us to offer licensed products alongside products we produce to further enhance brand placement and awareness.




 marketing and other resources than us. In addition
 there is intense competition among retailers for real estate sites
 store personnel and qualified franchisees.


 value
 variety and taste of our products and the special ambiance of our stores; our knowledge and experience in applying criteria for selection of new store locations; our expertise in merchandising and marketing of chocolate
 other candy products and frozen yogurt; and the control and training infrastructures we have implemented to assure execution of successful practices and techniques at our store locations. In addition
 by controlling the manufacturing of our own chocolate products
 we can better maintain our high product quality standards for those products
 offer proprietary products
 manage costs
 control production and shipment schedules and pursue new or under-utilized distribution channels.




&quot; the phrases
&quot;
&rdquo;
 as well as all other trademarks
 service marks
 symbols
 slogans
 emblems
 logos and designs used in the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system
 are our proprietary rights. We believe that all of the foregoing are of material importance to our business. The registration for the trademark &ldquo;Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory&rdquo; is registered in the United States and Canada. Applications have been filed to register the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory trademark and/or obtained in certain foreign countries.


 the following marks are owned by U-Swirl and have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office: &ldquo;U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt And Design&rdquo;; &ldquo;U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt&rdquo;; &ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;; &ldquo;U and Design&rdquo;; &ldquo;Worth The Weight&rdquo;; &ldquo;Frequent Swirler&rdquo;; &ldquo;Yogurtini&rdquo;; &ldquo;CherryBerry Self-Serve Yogurt Bar&rdquo;; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli&rdquo;; &ldquo;Best on the Planet&rdquo;; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach&rdquo;; &ldquo;U-Swirl-N-Go&rdquo;; and &ldquo;Serve Yo Self&rdquo;. The &ldquo;U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt and Design&rdquo; (a logo) is also registered in Mexico and U-Swirl has a registration for &ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo; in Canada.






 2018
 we employed approximately 285 people. Most employees
 with the exception of store management
 factory management and corporate management
 are paid on an hourly basis. We also employ some people on a temporary basis during peak periods of store and factory operations. We seek to assure that participatory management processes
 mutual respect and professionalism and high-performance expectations for the employee exist throughout the organization. We believe that we provide working conditions
 wages and benefits that compare favorably with those of our competitors. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our employee relations to be good.










 with significantly higher sales and earnings occurring during key holidays
 such as Christmas
 Easter and Valentine&#39;s Day
 and the U.S. summer vacation season than at other times of the year
 which may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations. In addition
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings
 the sale of franchises and the timing of purchases by customers outside our network of franchised locations. Because of the seasonality of our business
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.




 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire agencies in the state or municipality where located. Difficulties or failures in obtaining the required licensing or approvals could delay or prevent the opening of new stores. New stores must also comply with landlord and developer criteria.


 including registration and disclosure requirements in the offer and sale of franchises. We are also subject to the Federal Trade Commission regulations relating to disclosure requirements in the sale of franchises and ongoing disclosure obligations.


 certain states have enacted and others may enact laws and regulations governing the termination or non-renewal of franchises and other aspects of the franchise relationship that are intended to protect franchisees. Although these laws and regulations
 and related court decisions
 may limit our ability to terminate franchises and alter franchise agreements
 we do not believe that such laws or decisions will have a material adverse effect on our franchise operations. However
 the laws applicable to franchise operations and relationships continue to develop
 and we are unable to predict the effect on our intended operations of additional requirements or restrictions that may be enacted or of court decisions that may be adverse to franchisors.


 land use and environmental factors could delay construction of new stores.


 packaging and distribution of food products are subject to extensive regulation by various governmental agencies. A finding of a failure to comply with one or more regulations could result in the imposition of sanctions
 including the closing of all or a portion of our facilities for an indeterminate period of time. Our product labeling is subject to and complies with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 and the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004.


 to fill available space on our trucks. Our trucking operations are subject to various federal and state regulations
 including regulations of the Federal Highway Administration and other federal and state agencies applicable to motor carriers
 safety requirements of the Department of Transportation relating to interstate transportation and federal
 state and Canadian provincial regulations governing matters such as vehicle weight and dimensions.












 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We make available free of charge
 through our Internet website
 our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The public may also read and copy materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room
 which is located at 100 F Street
 NE
 Room 1580
 Washington
 DC 20549. You can obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of our websites are not incorporated into
 and should not be considered a part of
 this Annual Report.









 Business
 or our Franchisees
 with Adverse Consequences to Us


 including our products
 generally decline during weak economic periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely affected. Our performance is subject to factors that affect worldwide economic conditions
 including employment
 consumer debt
 reductions in net worth based on severe market declines
 residential real estate and mortgage markets
 taxation
 fuel and energy prices
 interest rates
 consumer confidence
 value of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies and other macroeconomic factors. These factors may cause consumers to purchase products from lower priced competitors or to defer purchases of discretionary products altogether.


 liquidity and capital resources. It could also impact our ability to fund growth and/or result in us becoming more reliant on external financing
 the availability and terms of which may be uncertain. In addition
 a weak economic environment may exacerbate the other risks noted below.


 which could have a significant adverse impact on our business due to loss or delay in payments of royalties
 contributions to our marketing fund and other fees.


 we cannot be certain that the developers and franchisees we select will have the business acumen or financial resources necessary to open and operate successful franchises in their franchise areas
 and state franchise laws may limit our ability to terminate or modify these franchise arrangements. Moreover
 franchisees may not successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements
 or may not hire and train qualified managers and other store personnel. The failure of developers and franchisees to open and operate franchises successfully could have a material adverse effect on us
 our reputation
 our brand and our ability to attract prospective franchisees and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.

Our Sales to Specialty Market Customers
 Customers Outside Our System of Franchised Stores
 Are Concentrated Among a Small Number of Customers


 2018. The Company&rsquo;s future results may be adversely impacted by a change in the purchases of this customer.




 retain and contract with qualified franchisees. Our growth is dependent upon the ability of franchisees to operate their stores successfully
 promote and develop our store concepts
 and maintain our reputation for an enjoyable in-store experience and high-quality products. Although we have established criteria to evaluate prospective franchisees and have been successful in attracting franchisees
 there can be no assurance that franchisees will be able to operate successfully in their franchise areas in a manner consistent with our concepts and standards.




 franchise fees
 contributions to our marketing fund
 and other fees from our franchisees. We have established operational standards and guidelines for our franchisees; however
 we have limited control over how our franchisees&rsquo; businesses are run. While we are responsible for ensuring the success of our entire system of stores and for taking a longer-term view with respect to system improvements
 our franchisees have individual business strategies and objectives
 which might conflict with our interests. Our franchisees may not be able to secure adequate financing to open or continue operating their Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores or U-Swirl caf&eacute;s. If they incur too much debt or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to repay existing debt
 our franchisees could experience financial distress or even bankruptcy. If a significant number of franchisees become financially distressed
 it could harm our operating results through reduced royalty revenues and the impact on our profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in the royalty revenues. Closure of franchised stores
 which during FY 2018
 and potentially in subsequent years
 could exceed levels experienced in recent years
 would reduce our royalty revenues and could negatively impact margins
 since we may not be able to reduce fixed costs which we continue to incur.







ith Respect to the Operations of Our Franchisees
 Which Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Business


 and we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations of their stores. We provide training and support to franchisees
 and set and monitor operational standards
 but the quality of franchised stores may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Consequently
 franchisees may not successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements
 or may not hire and train qualified managers and other store personnel. If franchisees do not operate to our expectations
 our image and reputation
 and the image and reputation of other franchisees
 may suffer materially and system-wide sales could decline significantly
 which would reduce our royalty revenues
 and the impact on profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in royalties and fees.








 52% by sales of products made in the stores with ingredients purchased from us or approved suppliers and 5% by sales of products purchased from approved suppliers for resale in the stores. Franchisees&#39; sales of products manufactured by us generate higher revenues to us than sales of store-made or other products. We have seen a significant increase in system-wide sales of store-made and other products
 which has led to a decrease in purchases from us and an adverse effect on our revenues. If this trend continues
 it could further adversely affect our total revenues and results of operations. Such a decrease could result from franchisees&#39; decisions to sell more store-made products or products purchased from approved third party suppliers.




 defined as year-over-year sales for a store that has been open at least one year
 have fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual and quarterly basis and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. During the past five fiscal years
 same store sales results at RMCF franchise stores have fluctuated as follows: (a) from (2.9%) to 3.1% for annual results; (b) from (4.6%) to 7.5% for quarterly results. During the past three fiscal years
 same store sales results at U-Swirl franchise stores have fluctuated as follows: (a) from (4.3%) to (1.4%) for annual results; (b) from (8.6%) to 2.8% for quarterly results. Sustained declines in same store sales or significant same store sales declines in any single period could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.




 energy and labor directly affect our operations. Most of our leases provide for cost-of-living adjustments and require us to pay taxes
 insurance and maintenance expenses
 all of which are subject to inflation. Additionally
 our future lease costs for new facilities may reflect potentially escalating costs of real estate and construction. There is no assurance that we will be able to pass on our increased costs to our customers.




 energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products
 however
 higher product prices may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are not able to increase our selling prices sufficiently
 or in a timely manner
 to offset increased raw material
 energy or other input costs
 including packaging
 direct labor
 overhead and employee benefits
 or if our sales volume decreases significantly
 there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.




 including chocolate and nuts
 are subject to significant price fluctuations. Although cocoa beans
 the primary raw material used in the production of chocolate
 are grown commercially in Africa
 Brazil and several other countries around the world
 cocoa beans are traded in the commodities market
 and their supply and price are subject to volatility. We believe our principal chocolate supplier purchases most of its beans at negotiated prices from African growers
 often at a premium to commodity prices. The supply and price of cocoa beans
 and in turn of chocolate
 are affected by many factors
 including monetary fluctuations and economic
 political and weather conditions in countries in which cocoa beans are grown. We purchase most of our nut meats from domestic suppliers who procure their products from growers around the world. The price and supply of nuts are also affected by many factors
 including weather conditions in the various regions in which the nuts we use are grown. Although we often enter into purchase contracts for these products
 significant or prolonged increases in the prices of chocolate or of one or more types of nuts
 or the unavailability of adequate supplies of chocolate or nuts of the quality sought by us
 could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.







 U-Swirl
 Which Has 


 we obtained a controlling ownership interest in SWRL. This interest was the result of a transaction designed to create a self-serve frozen yogurt company through the combination of three formerly separate self-serve frozen yogurt retailers (U-Swirl
 Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt). SWRL has historically reported net losses. In February 2016
 we foreclosed on the all of the outstanding common stock of U-Swirl (the operating subsidiary of SWRL) in full satisfaction of the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 meaning that U-Swirl is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. If U-Swirl continues to not be profitable
 those operating losses of U-Swirl could have a material adverse effect on our overall results of operations.




 and we and our subsidiaries may be&nbsp;unable to accomplish the&nbsp;integration&nbsp;smoothly or successfully. The&nbsp;integration&nbsp;of acquired businesses may also require the dedication of significant management resources
 which may temporarily distract management&rsquo;s attention from the day-to-day operations of the Company. In addition
 the process of&nbsp;integrating&nbsp;operations may cause an interruption of
 or loss of momentum in
 the activities of one or more of our or our subsidiaries&rsquo; businesses and the loss of key personnel from us or the acquired businesses. Our and our subsidiaries&rsquo; strategy is
 in part
 predicated on the ability to realize cost savings and to increase revenues through the acquisition of businesses that add to the breadth and depth of our products and services. Achieving these cost savings and revenue increases is dependent upon a number of factors
 many of which are beyond our control.




 with significantly higher sales and earnings occurring during key holidays and summer vacation season than at other times of the year
 which causes fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations. In addition
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and the sale of franchises. Because of the seasonality of our business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year. See Item 7. &quot;Management&#39;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&mdash;Seasonality.&quot;





 marketing and other resources than we do. In addition
 there is intense competition among retailers for real estate sites
 store personnel and qualified franchisees. Competitive market conditions could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations and our ability to expand successfully.




 including views regarding consumption of chocolate and frozen yogurt. Numerous other factors that we cannot control
 such as economic conditions
 demographic trends
 traffic patterns and weather conditions
 influence the sale of our products. Changes in any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.

We Are Subject to Federal
 State and Local Regulation


 sale and termination of franchises and the refusal to renew franchises. Many state laws also regulate substantive aspects of the franchisor-franchisee relationship by
 for example
 requiring the franchisor to deal with its franchisees in good faith
 prohibiting interference with the right of free association among franchisees and regulating discrimination among franchisees in charges
 royalties or fees. Franchise laws continue to develop and change
 and changes in such laws could impose additional costs and burdens on franchisors. Our failure to obtain approvals to sell franchises and the adoption of new franchise laws
 or changes in existing laws
 could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.








 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire agencies in the state or municipality where located. Difficulties or failures in obtaining required licenses or approvals from such agencies could delay or prevent the opening of a new store. We and our franchisees are also subject to laws governing our relationships with employees
 including minimum wage requirements
 overtime
 working and safety conditions and citizenship requirements. Because a significant number of our employees are paid at rates related to the federal minimum wage
 increases in the minimum wage would increase our labor costs. The failure to obtain required licenses or approvals
 or an increase in the minimum wage rate
 employee benefits costs (including costs associated with mandated health insurance coverage) or other costs associated with employees
 could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.


 packaging and distribution of food products are subject to extensive regulation by various governmental agencies. A finding of a failure to comply with one or more regulations could result in the imposition of sanctions
 including the closing of all or a portion of our facilities for an indeterminate period of time
 and could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations.

Information Technology System Failures
 Breaches of our Network Security or Inability to Upgrade or Expand our Technological Capabilities Could Interrupt our Operations and Adversely Affect our Business.


 including point-of-sale processing at our stores. Our and our franchisees&rsquo; operations depend upon our and our franchisees&rsquo; ability to protect our computer equipment and systems against damage from physical theft
 fire
 power loss
 telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events
 as well as from internal and external security breaches
 viruses and other disruptive problems. Any damage or failure of our computer systems or network infrastructure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and subject us or our franchisees to litigation or to actions by regulatory authorities.


 upgrade and develop our information technology capabilities
 including our point-of-sale systems
 as well as the adoption of cloud services for e-mail
 intranet
 and file storage. If we are unable to successfully upgrade or expand our technological capabilities
 we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities
 manage our costs and transactional data effectively
 satisfy customer requirements
 execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures. Additionally
 unforeseen problems with our point-of-sale system may affect our operational abilities and internal controls and we may incur additional costs in connection with such upgrades and expansion.


 our Business Partners
ata
We Could Be Exposed to Data Loss
 Litigation
 Liability and Reputational Damage


 we and our franchisees transmit confidential credit and debit card information by way of secure private retail networks. A number of retailers have experienced actual or potential security breaches in which credit and debit card information may have been stolen. Although we and our franchisees use private networks
 third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales
 and our and our franchisees&rsquo; security measures and those of our and our franchisees&rsquo; technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. If a person were able to circumvent these security measures
 he or she could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our and our franchisees&rsquo; operations. Any security breach could expose us and our franchisees to risks of data loss and liability and could seriously disrupt our and our franchisees&rsquo; operations and any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation. We may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to these types of incidents. Proceedings related to theft of credit and debit card information may be brought by payment card providers
 banks
 and credit unions that issue cards
 cardholders (either individually or as part of a class action lawsuit)
 and federal and state regulators. Any such proceedings could harm our reputation
 distract our management team members from running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned liabilities
 losses and expenses.


 and our customer loyalty program provides rewards that can be redeemed for purchases. Like credit and debit cards
 gift cards
 and rewards earned by our customers are vulnerable to theft
 whether physical or electronic. We believe that
 due to their electronic nature
 rewards earned through our customer loyalty program are primarily vulnerable to hacking. Customers affected by any loss of data or funds could litigate against us
 and security breaches or even unsuccessful attempts at hacking could harm our reputation
 and guarding against or responding to hacks could require significant time and resources.








 including information received through our marketing programs
 franchisees and business partners. The use of this information by us is regulated at the federal and state levels. If our security and information systems are compromised or our employees fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately
 it could adversely affect our reputation
 as well as the results of operations
 and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition
 our ability to accept credit and debit cards as payment in our stores and online depends on us maintaining our compliance status with standards set by the PCI Security Standards Council. These standards
 set by a consortium of the major credit card companies
 require certain levels of system security and procedures to protect our customers&rsquo; credit and debit card information as well as other personal information. Privacy and information security laws and regulations change over time
 and compliance with those changes may result in cost increases due to necessary system and process changes.


 


 we are called upon to defend ourselves against lawsuits relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation
 we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. We are currently involved in one potentially adverse legal proceeding. An unfavorable outcome in any current or future legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business
 and financial results. In addition
 any significant litigation in the future
 regardless of its merits
 could divert management&#39;s attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees. Any litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management&#39;s attention and resources that are needed to successfully run our business.




 2018 and February 28
 2017 was $158
000 and $100
000
 respectively.




 and we will need to build brand awareness in those markets through significant investments in advertising and promotional activity.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may find it more difficult in our markets to secure desirable locations and to hire
 motivate and keep qualified employees.

he Company
 


 effective March 1
 2015
 we reorganized to create a holding company structure and the new holding company is organized in the State of Delaware. Our new certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions will:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 which is preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede a takeover attempt and that the Board of Directors can create and issue without prior stockholder approval;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 unless either minimum price criteria and procedural requirements are met
 or the transaction is approved by a majority of our &ldquo;continuing directors&rdquo; (known as &ldquo;fair price provisions&rdquo;).





 these provisions will apply even if an initial offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and therefore could delay and/or prevent a deemed beneficial offer from being considered. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions
 which may prevent a change of control or changes in our management that a stockholder might consider favorable. In addition
 Section&nbsp;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage
 delay
 or prevent a change in control of us. Any delay or prevention of a change of control or change in management that stockholders might otherwise consider to be favorable could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.







Issues Or Concerns Related To The Quality And Safety Of Our Products
 Ingredients Or Packaging Could Cause A Product Recall And/Or Result In Harm To The Company&rsquo;s Reputation
 Negatively Impacting O


 we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers and consumers. Issues related to the quality and safety of our products
 ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our Company&rsquo;s image and reputation. Negative publicity related to these types of concerns
 or related to product contamination or product tampering
 whether valid or not
 could decrease demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. We may need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption. In addition
 we could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions
 which could result in payments of fines or damages. Costs associated with these potential actions could negatively affect our results of operations.

Disruption To Our Manufacturing Operations Or Supply Chain Could Impair Our Ability To Produce Or Deliver Finished Products
 Resulting In A Negative Impact On O


 Colorado. Disruption to our manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from a number of factors
 including: natural disaster
 pandemic outbreak of disease
 weather
 fire or explosion
 terrorism or other acts of violence
 labor strikes or other labor activities
 unavailability of raw or packaging materials
 and operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers and other vendors or service providers. We believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions. We have strategies and plans in place to manage disruptive events if they were to occur. However
 if we are unable
 or find that it is not financially feasible
 to effectively plan for or mitigate the potential impacts of such disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain
 our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.

If We Face Labor Shortages or Increased Labor Costs
 our Results of Operations and our Growth Could Be Adversely Affected.


 higher employee turnover rates
 or increases in the federally-mandated or state-mandated minimum wage
 change in exempt and non-exempt status
 or other employee benefits costs (including costs associated with health insurance coverage or workers&rsquo; compensation insurance)
 operating expenses could increase and our growth could be adversely affected.


 2009. Federally-mandated
 state-mandated or locally-mandated minimum wages may be raised in the future. As of the date hereof
 many states and the District of Columbia have set a minimum wage level higher than the federal minimum wage
 including Colorado
 where we employ the majority of our employees and minimum wage as of the date hereof is $10.20. We may be unable to increase our prices in order to pass future increased labor costs on to our customers
 in which case our margins would be negatively affected.


 


 we may evaluate potential acquisitions
 divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic objectives. The success of such activity depends
 in part
 upon our ability to identify suitable buyers
 sellers or business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and
 if applicable
 obtain government approval. These activities may present certain financial
 managerial
 staffing and talent
 and operational risks
 including diversion of management&rsquo;s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions
 divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed
 there could be a negative impact on our results of operations.














000 square foot manufacturing facility
 which we own
 in Durango
 Colorado. During FY 2018
 our factory produced approximately 2.55 million pounds of chocolate candies
 which was a decrease of approximately 0.6% from the approximately 2.56 million pounds produced in FY 2017. During FY 2008
 we conducted a study of factory capacity. As a result of this study
 we believe the factory has the capacity to produce approximately 5.3 million pounds per year
 subject to certain assumptions about product mix. In January 1998
 we acquired a two-acre parcel adjacent to our factory to ensure the availability of adequate space to expand the factory as volume demands.


 Durango
 Colorado 81303. U-Swirl also has an office located at 1175 American Pacific
 Suite C
 Henderson
 Nevada 89074
 with approximately 5
200 square feet of space leased for a term of five years expiring in July 2018. The rent is approximately $2
800 per month. As of May 1
 2015
 we have a signed sublease agreement for this location.


 2018
 four Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory Company-owned stores were occupied pursuant to non-cancelable leases of five to ten years having varying expiration dates from July 2018 to January 2026
 some of which contain optional five or ten-year renewal rights. We do not deem any individual store lease to be significant in relation to our overall operations.


600 to 3
000 square feet and have varying expiration dates from March 2019 to February 2020
 some of which contain optional five or ten-year renewal rights. We currently have 5 caf&eacute; leases in place
 which range between $3
500 and $7
900 per month
 exclusive of common area maintenance charges and taxes.


 which we then sublease to franchisees
 but the majority of existing locations are leased by the franchisee directly. Our current policy is not to act as primary lessee on any further franchised locations
 except in rare instances. At March 31
 2018
 we were the primary lessee at three of our 297 domestic franchised stores and one office location. The subleases for such locations are on the same terms as the Company&#39;s leases of the premises. For information as to the amount of our rental obligations under leases on both Company-owned and franchised stores
 see Note 5 &ldquo;Commitments and Contingencies&rdquo; to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report.




 results of operations or cash flows.













ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES








			
 201
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
 201
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 2018
 there were approximately 300 record holders of our common stock. We believe that there are more than 800 beneficial owners of our common stock.




 2018 to stockholders of record on March 6
 2018. The dividends paid by the Company for the past two fiscal years are outlined in the table above. Future declarations of dividends will depend on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 cash flows and capital requirements
 and on such other factors as the Board of Directors may in its discretion consider relevant and in the best long-term interest of stockholders. We are subject to various financial covenants related to our line of credit and other long-term debt
 however
 those covenants do not restrict the Board of Director&rsquo;s discretion of the future declaration of cash dividends.




 2014
 the Company publicly announced a plan to purchase up to $3.0 million of its common stock in the open market or in private transactions
 whenever deemed appropriate by management. On January 13
 2015
 the Company announced a plan to purchase up to an additional $2
058
000 of its common stock under the repurchase plan
 and on May 21
 2015
 the Company announced a further increase to the repurchase plan by authorizing the purchase of up to an additional $2
090
000 of its common stock under the repurchase plan. During FY 2017
 the Company repurchased 35
108 shares under the repurchase plan at an average price of $10.01 per share. The Company did not repurchase any common stock under the repurchase plan during FY 2018. As of February 28
 2018
 approximately $638
000 remains available under the repurchase plan for further stock repurchases.










 2014 through 2018
 are derived from the consolidated financial statements of the Company
 which have been audited by EKS&amp;H LLLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report and in Item 7. &ldquo;Management&#39;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; below.




 except per share data)


			
			




			



			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 assuming dilution

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			











The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto
 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information
 the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo; Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 particularly in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;




 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its subsidiaries (including its operating subsidiary with the same name
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;RMCF&rdquo;) (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) is an international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in 1981
 we are headquartered in Durango
 Colorado and manufacture an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. Our wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;)
 franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt stores. Our revenues and profitability are derived principally from our franchised/license system of retail stores that feature chocolate
 frozen yogurt and other confectionary products. We also sell our candy in selected locations outside of our system of retail stores and license the use of our brand with certain consumer products. As of March 31
 2018
 there were four Company-owned
 87 licensee-owned and 250 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores operating in 38 states
 Canada
 South Korea
 Panama
 and the Philippines. As of March 31
 2018
 U-Swirl operated five Company-owned stores and 82 franchised and 33 licensed stores located in 28 states and Qatar. U-Swirl operates self-serve frozen yogurt cafes under the names &ldquo;U-Swirl
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s Yo!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&rdquo;.


 through our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 including Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&ldquo;ALY&rdquo;)
 we entered into two agreements to sell all of the assets of our ALY frozen yogurt stores
 along with our interest in the self-serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as &ldquo;Yogurtini&rdquo; which we also acquired in January 2013
 to U-Swirl
 Inc. (&ldquo;SWRL&rdquo;)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in SWRL (46% equity interest as of February 28
 2018). Upon completion of these transactions
 we ceased to directly operate any Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations or sell and support frozen yogurt franchise locations
 which were being supported by SWRL.


 SWRL acquired the franchise rights and certain other assets of self-serve frozen yogurt concepts under the names &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&rdquo; In connection with these acquisitions
 we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 we entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &ldquo;SWRL Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
 we foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl as of February 29
 2016 in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of February 29
 2016. As of February 28
 2018
 SWRL had no operating assets.




 though we do not believe that the challenges have fully reversed. The economic recovery has had a less positive impact upon retail as consumers shift shopping to online. Locations that have historically been favorable locations for our franchisees
 such as regional malls and outlet centers
 have continued to struggle in the current environment. As a result
 we intend to continue to focus on managing the business in a seasoned
 disciplined and controlled manner.


 international development
 sale of our products to specialty markets
 licensing the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory brand for use with other appropriate consumer products
 and selected entry of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory branded products into other wholesale channels
 along with business acquisitions as primary drivers of growth. This is a trend that continued in FY 2018 and we expect to continue into the foreseeable future.


 we are taking a conservative view of market conditions in the United States. We intend to continue to focus on our long-term objectives while seeking to maintain flexibility to respond to market conditions
 including the pursuit of international growth opportunities to reduce our dependence on the domestic economy.








 which have traditionally been located in resort or tourist locations
 and the nature of the products we sell
 which are highly seasonal. As we expanded our geographical diversity to include regional centers and our franchise offerings to include frozen desserts
 we have seen some moderation to our seasonal sales mix. Seasonal fluctuation in sales causes fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. Historically
 the strongest sales of our products have occurred during key holidays and summer vacation seasons. Additionally
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and sales of franchises. Because of the seasonality of our business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.


 increased same store sales and increased same store pounds purchased from the factory.




 including new store openings
 competition
 the receptivity of our franchise system to our product introductions and promotional programs. In FY 2018
 same store pounds purchased from the factory by franchised and co-branded licensed stores increased approximately 1.3% in the first quarter
 declined approximately 4.2% in the second quarter
 declined approximately 8.7% in the third quarter
 declined approximately 8.6% in the fourth quarter
 and declined 4.9% overall in FY 2018 as compared to the same periods in FY 2017.


 we announced the expansion of the co-branding test relationship with Cold Stone Creamery. We and Cold Stone Creamery
 Inc. have agreed to expand the co-branding relationship to more than a hundred potential locations
 based upon the performance of several test locations
 operating under the test agreement announced in October 2008. We have additionally agreed to develop co-branded locations through U-Swirl and their associated brands. We believe that if this co-branding strategy continues to prove financially viable it could represent a significant future growth opportunity. As of February 28
 2018
 Cold Stone licensees operated 87 co-branded locations
 our U-Swirl franchisees operated 12 co-branded locations and we have co-branded 3 of our Company-owned caf&eacute;s.


 we announced our intent to pursue growth through international licensing. Since 2012
 we have continued to develop internationally through the execution of license agreements in the countries of South Korea
 the Republic of Panama
 Vietnam
 and the Republic of the Philippines. Through our U-Swirl subsidiary we have additional international development agreements covering Canada and Qatar.














 compared with FY 2017.





			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 partially offset by a 2.7% decrease in shipments to our network of franchised and licensed stores. This decrease in shipments was the result of a 4.9% decrease in same-store pounds purchased by franchise and co-branded license locations during FY 2018 compared with FY 2017
 and a 2.6% decrease in the average number of domestic Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised stores in operation.




 partially offset by the acquisition of a franchised location. Same store sales at all Company-owned stores and caf&eacute;s decreased 3.9% during FY 2018 compared with FY 2017.

Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


000 in international license fees being recognized during FY 2018 compared with $9
000 recognized during FY 2017.

U-Swirl Caf&eacute; Sales
 Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


 U-Swirl revenue decreased 20.6% to $4
142
100 compared with $5
216
100 of U-Swirl revenue consolidated within our results for FY 2017. The decrease resulted from a 27.4% decrease in average domestic U-Swirl franchised and licensed caf&eacute;s in operation during FY 2018 compared to FY 2017
 primarily as a result of store closings exceeding store openings.












			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 factory gross margin and other performance measures calculated in conformity with GAAP. We believe that adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin are useful to investors because they provide a measure of operating performance and our ability to generate cash that is unaffected by non-cash accounting measures. Additionally
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin rather than gross margin and factory gross margin to make incremental pricing decisions. Adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin have limitations as analytical tools because they exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization expense and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for any measure reported under GAAP. Our use of capital assets makes depreciation and amortization expense a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate income. Due to these limitations
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin as measures of performance only in conjunction with GAAP measures of performance such as gross margin and factory gross margin.














 franchise costs increased to 26.5% during FY 2018 from 24.6% during FY 2017. This increase as a percentage of royalty
 marketing and franchise fees is primarily a result of a 6.1% decrease in total royalty and marketing fees and franchise fee revenue during FY 2018 compared to FY 2017.








 the result of resolving legal proceedings
 and lower compensation costs. During FY 2018
 approximately $307
000 of U-Swirl general and administrative costs were consolidated within our results
 compared with approximately $460
000 during FY 2017. As a percentage of total revenues
 general and administrative expenses decreased to 10.3% in FY 2018 compared to 10.5% in FY 2017.




 resulting from the sale of certain Company-owned units and the closure of a certain underperforming Company-owned location
 offset by the acquisition of a franchised location. Retail operating expenses
 as a percentage of retail sales
 increased to 58.1% during FY 2018 from 54.0% during FY 2017. This is primarily the result of a change in units in operation.




 exclusive of depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales
 was $796
000 during FY 2018
 a decrease of 5.3% from $841
000 incurred during FY 2017. This decrease was the result of fewer Company-owned store assets in service. Depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales increased 16.7% from $448
000 during FY 2017 to $523
000 during FY 2018. This increase was the result of an increase in production assets in service.




700 in FY 2018 compared to net interest expense of $128
800 in FY 2017. This change was the result of lower average outstanding debt from a promissory note entered into in January 2014 to fund business acquisitions by U-Swirl.




160
000 in FY 2018 compared to an income tax expense of $1
946
000 during FY 2017. As described further in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
 the increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of 21% under the recent Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.












 compared with FY 2016.





			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			






 and a 3.0% decrease in the average number of domestic Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised stores in operation.





Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


000 in international license fees being recognized during FY 2017 compared with $263
000 recognized during FY 2016.

U-Swirl Caf&eacute; Sales
 Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


 U-Swirl revenue decreased 20.2% to $5
216
100 compared with $6
535
600 of U-Swirl revenue consolidated within our results for FY 2016. The decrease resulted from a 20.4% decrease in average domestic U-Swirl franchise caf&eacute;s in operation during FY 2017 compared to FY 2016
 primarily as a result of store closings exceeding store openings
 in-line with expected industry trends.











			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 factory gross margin and other performance measures calculated in conformity with GAAP. We believe that adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin are useful to investors because they provide a measure of operating performance and our ability to generate cash that is unaffected by non-cash accounting measures. Additionally
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin rather than gross margin and factory gross margin to make incremental pricing decisions. Adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin have limitations as analytical tools because they exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization expense and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for any measure reported under GAAP. Our use of capital assets makes depreciation and amortization expense a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate income. Due to these limitations
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin as measures of performance only in conjunction with GAAP measures of performance such as gross margin and factory gross margin.










 equipment issues and product mix shift
 partially offset by lower costs of certain materials. The decrease in Company-owned store margin is due to product mix shift primarily resulting from the sale or closure of certain underperforming Company-owned stores and Caf&eacute;s.




 franchise costs decreased to 24.6% during FY 2017 from 27.0% during FY 2016. This decrease as a percentage of royalty
 marketing and franchise fees is primarily a result of a 15.7% decrease in franchise costs during FY 2017 compared to FY 2016.








 approximately $460
000 of U-Swirl general and administrative costs were consolidated within our results
 compared with approximately $1
291
000 during FY 2016. As a percentage of total revenues
 general and administrative expenses decreased to 10.5% in FY 2017 compared to 11.5% in FY 2016.




 resulting from the sale of certain Company-owned units and the closure of certain underperforming Company-owned units. Retail operating expenses
 as a percentage of retail sales
 decreased to 54.0% during FY 2017 from 59.0% during FY 2016. This is primarily the result of a change in units in operation.




 exclusive of depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales
 was $841
000 during FY 2017
 a decrease of 17.2% from $1
016
000 incurred during FY 2016. This decrease was the result of fewer Company-owned store assets in service due to the sale or closure of certain Company-owned stores and caf&eacute;s. Depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales increased 10.7% from $404
000 during FY 2016 to $448
000 during FY 2017. This increase was the result of an increase in production assets in service.




800 in FY 2017 compared to net interest expense of $167
900 in FY 2016. This change was the result of lower average outstanding debt from a promissory note entered into in January 2014 to fund business acquisitions of U-Swirl.




946
000 in FY 2017 compared to an income tax benefit of $261
400 during FY 2016. As described further in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
 the increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the tax consequences of acquiring a 100% controlling interest in U-Swirl during FY 2016.










 2018
 working capital was $7.4 million compared with $7.1 million as of February 28
 2017. The increase in working capital was due primarily to our operating results less the payment of $2.8 million in cash dividends
 $1.3 million in debt repayments and the purchase of $545
000 of property and equipment. We have historically generated excess operating cash flow. We review our working capital needs and projections and when we believe that we have greater working capital than necessary we have historically utilized that excess working capital to repurchase common stock and pay dividends to our stockholders.


 2017 to $6.1 million as of February 28
 2018 as a result of cash flows generated by operating activities being more than cash flows used in financing and investing activities. The Company&rsquo;s current ratio was 1.9 to 1.0 at February 28
 2018
 which was the same at February 28
 2017. The Company monitors current and anticipated future levels of cash and cash equivalents in relation to anticipated operating
 financing and investing requirements.


 we had net income of $2.86 million. Operating activities provided cash of $4.8 million
 with the principal adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities being depreciation and amortization of $1.3 million and stock compensation expense of $0.6 million. During FY 2017
 we had net income of $3.45 million
 and operating activities provided cash of $5.3 million. The principal adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities was depreciation and amortization of $1.3 million and stock compensation expense of $0.6 million.


 investing activities used cash of $340
000
 primarily due to the purchases of property and equipment of $545
000 the result of investment in factory infrastructure improvements. In comparison
 investing activities used cash of $1.3 million during FY 2017 primarily due to the purchases of property and equipment of $1.2 million the result of investment in factory infrastructure improvements.


583 of common stock during FY 2017 with no common stock purchases during FY 2018.


 of which $5 million was available for borrowing (subject to certain borrowing base limitations) as of February 28
 2018. The credit line is secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 except retail store assets. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At February 28
 2018
 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in September 2019.


 2018
 $2.5 million). The promissory note allowed the Company to borrow up to a maximum of $7.0 million to finance business acquisitions and bears interest at a fixed annual rate of 3.75%. This promissory note matures in January 2020. Additionally
 the promissory note is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. As of February 28
 2018
 we were in compliance with all such covenants.


 in FY 2014
 SWRL acquired the franchise rights and certain other assets of self-serve frozen yogurt concepts under the names &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&rdquo; In connection with these acquisitions
 the Company entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 the Company entered into the SWRL Loan Agreement with SWRL. Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
 we foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl as of February 29
 2016 in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of February 29
 2016.


 2018.





			

			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 the Company anticipates making capital expenditures of approximately $1.1 million
which will be used to maintain and improve existing factory and administrative infrastructure. The Company believes that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund capital expenditures and working capital requirements for FY 2019. If necessary
 the Company has an available bank line of credit to help meet these requirements.










 2018
 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements or obligations.




 insurance and maintenance expenses
 all of which are subject to inflation. Additionally
 the Company&rsquo;s future lease cost for new facilities may include potentially escalating costs of real estate and construction. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to pass on increased costs to its customers.


 and is therefore potentially less than it would be if it were based on current replacement cost. While property and equipment acquired in prior years will ultimately have to be replaced at higher prices
 it is expected that replacement will be a gradual process over many years.




 which cause fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. Historically
 the strongest sales of the Company&rsquo;s products have occurred during key holidays and the summer vacation season. In addition
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and sales of franchises. Because of the seasonality of the Company&rsquo;s business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.




 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses and the related disclosures. Estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 the carrying value of accounts and notes receivable from franchisees
 inventories
 the useful lives of fixed assets
 goodwill
 and other intangible assets
 income taxes
 contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on analyses
 of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


 although not all inclusive.

- In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
 primarily franchisees
 that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. We believe that we have a limited concentration of credit risk primarily because our receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which we ordinarily extend credit
 including
 but not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which we perform our analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future.


400 per year for potential uncollectible accounts over the three-year period ended February 28
 2018. Write-offs of uncollectible accounts net of recoveries averaged approximately $232
800 over the same period. The provision for uncollectible accounts is recognized as general and administrative expense in the Statements of Income. Over the past three years
 the allowances for doubtful notes and accounts have ranged from 10.7% to 12.6% of gross receivables.

 - We recognize revenue on sales of products to franchisees and other customers at the time of delivery. Franchise fee revenue is recognized upon the opening of the store. International license fees are recognized upon the execution of the license agreement and payment of the license fee. We recognize a marketing and promotion fee of one percent (1%) of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and U-Swirl franchised stores&rsquo; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. Beginning with franchise store openings in the third quarter of FY 2004
 we modified our royalty structure. Under the current structure
 we recognize no royalty on Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised stores&rsquo; retail sales of products purchased from us and recognize a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of product sold at franchise locations. For franchise stores opened prior to the third quarter of FY 2004 we recognize a royalty fee of five percent (5%) of franchised stores&rsquo; gross retail sales. Rebates received from purveyors that supply products to our franchisees are included in franchise royalties and fees. Product rebates are recognized in the period in which they are earned. Rebates related to Company-owned locations are offset against operating costs.







- Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are reduced by an allowance for slow-moving
 excess
 discontinued and shelf-life expired inventories. Our estimate for such allowance is based on our review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and demand for our products. Such review encompasses not only potentially perishable inventories but also specialty packaging
 much of it specific to certain holiday seasons. If actual future usage and demand for our products are less favorable than those projected by our review
 inventory reserve adjustments may be required. We closely monitor our inventory
 both perishable and non-perishable
 and related shelf and product lives. Historically we have experienced low levels of obsolete inventory or returns of products that have exceeded their shelf life. Over the three-year period ended February 28
 2018
 the Company recorded expense averaging $162
700 per year for potential inventory losses
 or approximately 0.8% of total cost of sales for that period.

&ndash; The consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. On January 14
 2013 we acquired a controlling interest in U-Swirl. Prior to January 14
 2013
 our consolidated financial statements exclude the financial information of U-Swirl. Beginning on January 14
 2013 and continuing through February 28
 2018
 the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl have been included in our consolidated financial statements. All material inter-Company balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

&ndash; Goodwill consists of the excess of purchase price over the fair market value of acquired assets and liabilities. Effective March 1
 2002
 under ASC Topic 350
 all goodwill with indefinite lives is no longer subject to amortization. ASC Topic 350 requires that an impairment test be conducted annually or in the event of an impairment indicator. On February 29
 2016 RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl pledged as collateral on the Loan Agreement with SWRL. As described in Note 1 below
 this was the result of SWRL&rsquo;s inability to repay the Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of February 29
 2016 U-Swirl had $1
930
529 of Goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. RMCF performed a test of impairment as a result of the change in ownership and the result of our test indicated a full impairment of the U-Swirl goodwill. Our testing and impairment is described in Note 13 to the financial statements.




 as well as those used in the determination of liabilities related to litigation and taxation. Various assumptions and other factors underlie the determination of these significant estimates. The process of determining significant estimates is fact specific and takes into account factors such as historical experience
 current and expected economic conditions
 and product mix. The Company constantly re-evaluates these significant factors and makes adjustments where facts and circumstances dictate. Historically
 actual results have not significantly deviated from those determined using the estimates described above.




 the Company is exposed to some commodity price and interest rate risks.


 the Company may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract. As of February 28
 2018
 based on future contractual obligations for chocolate products
 we estimate that a 10% increase or decrease in the prices of contracted ingredients would result in a $53
000 favorable or unfavorable price benefit or cost resulting from our commodity purchase contracts.


 2018
 no amount was outstanding under the line of credit. We do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk related to this line of credit.


 2018
 $2.5 million was outstanding under this promissory note. We do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk related to this promissory note.














			

			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			


		
			
			



			


			














 Inc.

 Colorado




 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of February 28
 2018 and 2017
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 changes in stockholders&#39; equity
 and cash flows for each year in the three-year period ended February 28
 2018
 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the &quot;financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of February 28
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each year in the three-year period ended February 28
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 Colorado

 2018











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
30
167
760
			
			
			
29
876
507
			
			
			
31
360
745
			



			

			
			
7
906
935
			
			
			
8
419
870
			
			
			
9
096
150
			



			

			
			
38
074
695
			
			
			
38
296
377
			
			
			
40
456
895
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
21
176
711
			
			
			
20
735
739
			
			
			
20
866
482
			



			

			
			
2
097
555
			
			
			
2
067
530
			
			
			
2
452
609
			



			

			
			
2
489
483
			
			
			
2
658
421
			
			
			
2
466
469
			



			

			
			
3
904
560
			
			
			
4
005
142
			
			
			
4
663
914
			



			

			
			
2
389
296
			
			
			
2
404
003
			
			
			
2
951
783
			




 exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of $523
034
 $447
651 and $404
391
 respectively
 included in cost of sales

			
			
796
221
			
			
			
841
058
			
			
			
1
015
910
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
2
326
742
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
60
000
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
32
853
826
			
			
			
32
771
893
			
			
			
36
743
909
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
220
869
			
			
			
5
524
484
			
			
			
3
712
986
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(121
244
			
			
			
(170
351
			
			
			
(216
600
			



			

			
			
24
578
			
			
			
41
572
			
			
			
48
745
			




 net

			
			
(96
666
			
			
			
(128
779
			
			
			
(167
855
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
124
203
			
			
			
5
395
705
			
			
			
3
545
131
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
2
160
295
			
			
			
1
945
589
			
			
			
(261
400
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
2
963
908
			
			
			
3
450
116
			
			
			
3
806
531
			



			
			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(619
376
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
2
963
908
			
			
			
3
450
116
			
			
			
4
425
907
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
884
337
			
			
			
5
843
245
			
			
			
5
893
618
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
96
099
			
			
			
150
447
			
			
			
201
856
			



Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding
 Assuming Dilution

			
			
5
980
436
			
			
			
5
993
692
			
			
			
6
095
474
			













 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
6
072
984
			
			
			
5
779
195
			




 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $479
472 and $487
446
 respectively

			
			
3
897
334
			
			
			
3
855
823
			




 current portion
 less current portion of the valuation allowance of $9
000 and $22
147
 respectively

			
			
105
540
			
			
			
235
612
			



			

			
			
342
863
			
			
			
47
863
			




 less reserve for slow moving inventory of $357
706 and $249
051
 respectively

			
			
4
842
474
			
			
			
4
975
779
			



			

			
			
310
173
			
			
			
256
548
			



			

			
			
15
571
368
			
			
			
15
150
820
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Property and Equipment
 Net

			
			
6
166
240
			
			
			
6
457
931
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 less current portion and allowance for doubtful accounts of $17
500 and $26
500
 respectively

			
			
235
983
			
			
			
370
769
			




 net

			
			
1
046
944
			
			
			
1
046
944
			




 net

			
			
4
433
927
			
			
			
4
826
172
			




 net

			
			
587
377
			
			
			
632
207
			



			

			
			
835
463
			
			
			
858
874
			



			

			
			
63
333
			
			
			
74
639
			



			

			
			
7
203
027
			
			
			
7
809
605
			



			

			
			
28
940
635
			
			
			
29
418
356
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
1
352
893
			
			
			
1
302
501
			



			

			
			
1
647
991
			
			
			
1
820
470
			



			

			
			
644
005
			
			
			
608
510
			



			

			
			
3
057
131
			
			
			
2
921
585
			



			

			
			
325
034
			
			
			
253
497
			



			

			
			
708
652
			
			
			
702
525
			



			

			
			
471
910
			
			
			
451
171
			



			

			
			
8
207
616
			
			
			
8
060
259
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Long-Term Debt
 Less Current Maturities

			
			
1
176
416
			
			
			
2
529
240
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $.001 par value; 250
000 authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 authorized 50
000 shares

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 authorized 200
000 shares

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $.001 par value per share
 46
000
000 shares authorized
 5
903
436 and 5
854
372 issued
 and 5
903
436 and 5
854
372 outstanding
 respectively

			
			
5
903
			
			
			
5
854
			



			

			
			
6
131
147
			
			
			
5
539
357
			



			

			
			
13
419
553
			
			
			
13
283
646
			



			

			
			
19
556
603
			
			
			
18
828
857
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
28
940
635
			
			
			
29
418
356
			













 INC.





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
854
			
			
			
5
839
			
			
			
180
384
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(174
371
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 vesting of restricted stock units and other

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
903
			
			
			
5
854
			
			
			
5
839
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
539
357
			
			
			
5
340
190
			
			
			
7
163
092
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
174
371
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(351
548
			
			
			
(3
030
475
			



			

			
			
59
095
			
			
			
20
418
			
			
			
61
036
			




 vesting of restricted stock units and other

			
			
532
695
			
			
			
564
425
			
			
			
602
498
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
349
800
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(34
128
			
			
			
19
868
			



			

			
			
6
131
147
			
			
			
5
539
357
			
			
			
5
340
190
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
13
283
646
			
			
			
13
132
879
			
			
			
11
524
708
			



			

			
			
2
963
908
			
			
			
3
450
116
			
			
			
4
425
907
			



			

			
			
(2
828
001
			
			
			
(2
806
583
			
			
			
(2
817
736
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(492
766
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
13
419
553
			
			
			
13
283
646
			
			
			
13
132
879
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
869
671
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(619
376
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(310
995
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
60
700
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
19
556
603
			
			
			
18
828
857
			
			
			
18
478
908
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
854
372
			
			
			
5
839
396
			
			
			
6
012
799
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(35
108
			
			
			
(233
302
			



			

			
			
5
000
			
			
			
2
000
			
			
			
4
000
			




 vesting of restricted stock units and other

			
			
44
064
			
			
			
48
084
			
			
			
55
899
			



			

			
			
5
903
436
			
			
			
5
854
372
			
			
			
5
839
396
			















 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
2
963
908
			
			
			
3
450
116
			
			
			
3
806
531
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
1
319
255
			
			
			
1
288
709
			
			
			
1
420
301
			



			

			
			
166
868
			
			
			
138
125
			
			
			
171
000
			



			

			
			
225
858
			
			
			
100
049
			
			
			
76
695
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
2
319
003
			



			

			
			
38
496
			
			
			
37
112
			
			
			
90
149
			



			

			
			
591
839
			
			
			
584
893
			
			
			
763
094
			



			

			
			
23
411
			
			
			
262
248
			
			
			
(1
878
205
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(229
948
			
			
			
(128
404
			
			
			
364
767
			



			

			
			
(295
000
			
			
			
(47
863
			
			
			
172
945
			



			

			
			
(365
323
			
			
			
(2
735
			
			
			
144
454
			



			

			
			
(54
091
			
			
			
29
442
			
			
			
24
415
			



			

			
			
96
491
			
			
			
(87
657
			
			
			
(310
533
			



			

			
			
242
578
			
			
			
(293
402
			
			
			
154
800
			



			

			
			
33
270
			
			
			
(9
619
			
			
			
(531
331
			



			

			
			
4
757
612
			
			
			
5
321
014
			
			
			
6
788
085
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(14
293
			
			
			
(133
202
			
			
			
(46
489
			



			

			
			
230
637
			
			
			
318
219
			
			
			
368
122
			



			

			
			
(7
926
			
			
			
39
045
			
			
			
23
692
			



			

			
			
(8
508
			
			
			
(312
947
			
			
			
(83
103
			



			

			
			
5
529
			
			
			
34
479
			
			
			
(212
860
			



			

			
			
(544
956
			
			
			
(1
238
472
			
			
			
(743
251
			



			

			
			
(339
517
			
			
			
(1
292
878
			
			
			
(693
889
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(1
302
432
			
			
			
(1
253
392
			
			
			
(1
207
234
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(351
583
			
			
			
(3
030
708
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(34
128
			
			
			
19
868
			



			

			
			
(2
821
874
			
			
			
(2
804
786
			
			
			
(2
838
545
			



			

			
			
(4
124
306
			
			
			
(4
443
889
			
			
			
(7
056
619
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
293
789
			
			
			
(415
753
			
			
			
(962
423
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
5
779
195
			
			
			
6
194
948
			
			
			
7
157
371
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
6
072
984
			
			
			
5
779
195
			
			
			
6
194
948
			












 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES









 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (a Colorado corporation) and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&ldquo;ALY&rdquo;)
-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (&ldquo;SWRL&rdquo;)
 and U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&ldquo;U-Swirl&rdquo;)
29
 (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;).




 Colorado and manufactures an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. U-Swirl franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt caf&eacute;s. The Company also sells its candy in selected locations outside of its system of retail stores and licenses the use of its brand with certain consumer products.

 January 2013

 including Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&ldquo;ALY&rdquo;)
 agreements to sell all of the assets of our ALY frozen yogurt stores
 along with our interest in the self-serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as &ldquo;Yogurtini


 Inc. (&ldquo;SWRL&rdquo;)
 February 28

 we ceased to directly operate any Company-owned ALY locations or sell and support frozen yogurt franchise locations
 which were being supported by SWRL. The SWRL Board of Directors is composed solely of board members also serving on our Board of Directors.

2014

&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&rdquo; In connection with these acquisitions
 we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 we entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &ldquo;SWRL Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
29
29
2016
29
 February 28
 2018
 


&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogurtini
&rdquo; &ldquo;CherryBerry
&rdquo; &ldquo;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt
&rdquo; &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s Yo!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&rdquo;.

 principal sources: sales to franchisees and others of chocolates and other confectionery products manufactured by the Company; the collection of initial franchise fees and royalties from franchisees&rsquo; sales; and sales at Company-owned stores of chocolates
 frozen yogurt
 and other confectionery products.

 February 28
 2018:




			
			


 Not Yet
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 but there is 










 and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. As described above

 2013
 January 14
 2013
 January 14
 2013

 assets and liabilities of SWRL have been included in these consolidated financial statements. The Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
29
29
 and concurrently the Company ceased to have financial control of U-Swirl
29
29
2016

 Inc. had 



 months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company continually monitors its positions with
 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 February 28
 2018.




 the Company extends credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 February 28
 2018
$368
$26
$349
000




 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on actual differences. This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the recorded value is higher than the market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
-in
 




 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements
 whichever is shorter.


 including identifiable intangible assets
 be recoverable. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum
 on an annual basis.




 using current enacted income tax rates and regulations. These differences will result in taxable income or deductions in future years when the reported amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled
occur and whether recovery of an asset
 including the utilization of a net operating loss or other carryforward prior to its expiration
 Due to historical U-Swirl losses
100%
 Because of this change
 the Company has recognized the full value of deferred tax assets that had full valuation allowances prior to FY 










 and therefore collects all funds from the activation of gift cards and reimburses franchisees for the redemption of gift cards in their stores. A liability for unredeemed gift cards is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the balance sheets.

 expiration dates on the Company&rsquo;s gift cards
 charge any service fees. While the Company&rsquo;s franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment
determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. The Company is in the process of obtaining a legal opinion regarding the necessity to submit unclaimed property to any states and is accumulating sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates related to unredeemed gift cards. This breakage rate is based on a percentage of sales when the likelihood of the redemption of the gift card becomes remote. When the Company has sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates
 the gift card breakage will be recognized over the same performance period
 and in the same proportion
 that the Company&rsquo;s data has demonstrated that gift cards are redeemed. As the Company is in the process of obtaining a legal opinion regarding the necessity to submit unclaimed property to any states and is accumulating sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates
 February 28
$3
057
$2
921
 February 28
2017




 type was the purchase of various retail stores
 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired. Finally
 goodwill arose from business acquisitions
 where the fair value of the consideration given for acquisition exceeded the fair value of the identified assets net of liabilities.

 exceeds its fair value. Recoverability of goodwill is evaluated through comparison of the fair value of each of the Company&rsquo;s reporting units with its carrying value. To the extent that a reporting unit&rsquo;s carrying value exceeds the implied fair value of its goodwill
29
 RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl International
29
2016
$1
930
2016





 CherryBerry
 Fuzzy Peach
 Let&rsquo;s Yo! and Yogli Mogli. Franchise rights are amortized over a period of 




 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&rsquo; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate
 the estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.




 without any bargain sales of equipment or supplies. Sales of products at retail stores are recognized at the time of sale.


















2004

 the Company recognizes 


 the Company is required to pay a portion of franchise fee revenue
 or royalty fees to parties the Company has contracted with to assist in developing and growing a brand. The agreements generally include Development Agents
 or commissioned brokers who are paid a portion of the initial franchise fee
 a portion of the ongoing royalty fees
 or both. When such agreements exist
 the Company reports franchise fee and royalty fee revenues net of the amount paid
 or due
 to the agent/broker.




 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



 February 28
 2018. 



 February 28
 2018

 Equity Incentive Plan
 for employees and non-employee directors which authorized the granting of stock awards.

$591
839
$584
893
$763
29
2018
2016


 March 1
 2017
09
 March 1
29
34
$19
868


2017
$532
$564
 Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted

$620
753


 issue any fully vested

2
 February 28

$20
 February 28
2017


 February 28
 2018
5


 February 28
 2018.










2017
2016
12
936



$355
678
$279
698
$215
29
2018
2016
$222
093
$335
771
$460
29
2018
2016





 trade receivables
 payables
 notes payable and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value
 because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments.



 June 2016
13
 will require immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets
 March 1
 2020 

 February 2016
02
)
 December 15
 2018
 is non-cash in nature
 as such
 it will 

 January 2016
01
)
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
2019


 May 2014
09
). This guidance
 as amended by subsequent ASUs on the topic

 December 15
 2017
 December 31
 March 1

 including master license and territory fees for the Company&rsquo;s international business
 and renewal fees. Currently
 these fees are generally recognized upfront upon either opening of the respective franchise store or entry into a license agreement. The new guidance will generally require these fees to be recognized over the term of the related agreement
 which the Company expects will result in a material impact to revenue recognized for franchise fees
 expect this new guidance to materially impact the recognition of royalty income or sales of products. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on these and other revenue transactions
 as well as the presentation of marketing and advertising fee revenues and expenses
 material impact to the Company&#39;s consolidated statements of income and statements of cash flows. The Company&#39;s current policy is to recognize initial franchise fees when a franchise location opens or at the start of a new agreement term. In accordance with the new guidance
 distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. As a result
 initial fees received will most likely be recognized over the franchise term. The cumulative adjustment to be recorded as contract liabilities
 upon adoption
 is expected to be approximately 

















			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
2
764
727
			
			
			
3
021
220
			



			

			
			
2
371
610
			
			
			
2
137
609
			



			

			
			
63
843
			
			
			
66
001
			



			

			
			
(357
706
			
			
			
(249
051
			



			

			
			
4
842
474
			
			
			
4
975
779
			







 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET






			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
513
618
			
			
			
513
618
			



			

			
			
4
905
103
			
			
			
4
787
855
			



			

			
			
10
686
631
			
			
			
10
598
355
			



			

			
			
1
067
788
			
			
			
1
047
319
			



			

			
			
1
568
260
			
			
			
1
531
112
			



			

			
			
434
091
			
			
			
418
402
			



			

			
			
(62
891
			
			
			
(47
891
			


			
			
			
19
112
600
			
			
			
18
848
770
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
12
946
360
			
			
			
12
390
839
			




 net

			
			
6
166
240
			
			
			
6
457
931
			











 February 28
 2018
 million working capital line of credit from Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A.
 February 28
 February 28
 2018
 million was available for borrowings under the line of credit
 subject to borrowing base limitations. Additionally

 2018
 

 January 16
 2014

 January 16
 February 28
 January 15
be prepaid without penalty at any time by the Company. The Wells Fargo Loan is collateralized by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including the SWRL Loan Agreement. Additionally
 the Wells Fargo Loan is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. The Wells Fargo Loan Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties
 covenants and acceleration provisions in the event of a default by the Company.






			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
2
529
309
			
			
			
3
831
741
			



			

			
			
1
352
893
			
			
			
1
302
501
			



			

			
			
1
176
416
			
			
			
2
529
240
			
















			

			
			
1
352
893
			


			
			
			
1
176
416
			


			
			
			
2
529
309
			



















			

			
			
572
000
			


			
			
			
272
000
			


			
			
			
49
000
			


			
			
			
49
000
			


			
			
			
49
000
			


			
			
			
145
000
			


			
			
			
1
136
000
			





 which the Company then subleases to franchisees
 to act as primary lessee on any further franchised locations

 2018
 


 the Company has leased space for its Company-owned locations that are now occupied by franchisees. When the Company-owned location was sold or transferred
 the store was subleased to the franchisee who is responsible for the monthly rent and other obligations under the lease. The Company&#39;s liability as primary lessee on sublet franchise outlets
 all of which is fully offset by sublease rentals
 is as follows for the years ending 





			

			
			
90
000
			


			
			
			
81
000
			


			
			
			
83
000
			


			
			
			
29
000
			


			
			
			
283
000
			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
1
270
240
			
			
			
944
938
			
			
			
1
187
003
			



			

			
			
(603
000
			
			
			
(318
000
			
			
			
(479
000
			



			

			
			
26
100
			
			
			
25
200
			
			
			
22
200
			


			
			
			
693
340
			
			
			
652
138
			
			
			
730
203
			




2018

 by year
 of future minimum rental payments required under such lease for the years ending 





			

			
			
117
000
			


			
			
			
121
000
			


			
			
			
125
000
			


			
			
			
129
000
			


			
			
			
134
000
			


			
			
			
34
000
			


			
			
			
660
000
			
















			

			
			
310
000
			


			
			
			
288
000
			


			
			
			
288
000
			


			
			
			
223
000
			


			
			
			
1
109
000
			










			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			




			
			
			
220
791
			
			
			
182
006
			






fluctuate
benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 February 28
 2018
$529
000











			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

916

			
			
			
1
411
126
			
			
			
1
420
811
			



			

			
			
220
164
			
			
			
272
214
			
			
			
195
993
			



			

			
			

136

			
			
			
1
683
340
			
			
			
1
616
804
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
240
233
			
			
			
(1
725
919
			



			

			
			
(32
247
			
			
			
22
015
			
			
			
(152
286
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
262
248
			
			
			
(1
878
205
			



			

			
			
2
160
295
			
			
			
1
945
588
			
			
			
(261
401
			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of federal benefit

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 U-Swirl Consolidated loss

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			










			

			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
124
469
			
			
			
198
354
			



			

			
			
86
938
			
			
			
90
027
			



			

			
			
130
049
			
			
			
188
002
			



			

			
			
817
945
			
			
			
1
175
351
			



			

			
			
38
868
			
			
			
37
000
			



			

			
			
520
379
			
			
			
782
683
			



			

			
			
98
728
			
			
			
148
494
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
164
035
			



			

			
			
(98
728
			
			
			
(148
494
			



			

			
			

976

			
			
			
2
635
452
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(1
066
113
			
			
			
(1
683
778
			



			

			
			
(75
245
			
			
			
(92
800
			



			

			
			
(1
141
358
			
			
			
(1
776
578
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
835
463
			
			
			
858
874
			















			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
148
494
			
			
			
148
494
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(49
766
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
98
728
			
			
			
148
494
			




 February 28
 February 28
 2017
$421
29
$2
149
 ownership interest. Resulting from this foreclosure
 the Company now consolidates U-Swirl within the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. U-Swirl and RMCF filed consolidated income tax returns beginning with FY 

29
 and prior periods
 separate consolidated groups for income tax purposes. RMCF has filed income tax returns consolidating the results of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and its wholly owned subsidiary
 ALY. SWRL has filed a separate consolidated income tax return for the results of U-Swirl
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary
 March 1
 2016
 


 February 28
 2015 


 in the appropriate tax jurisdictions
 in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are changed. Management believes that
 with the exception of the deferred tax asset related to restructuring charges
 February 28
 2018.

 that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently complex. As such
 February 28
 February 28
 2018 







29
2016


 2015
29
2016


 of the Internal Revenue Code
be subject to annual limitation in the event of a change in control. The Company has performed a preliminary evaluation as to whether a change in control has taken place
when the Company foreclosed on the stock of U-Swirl. The initial limitations will continue to limit deductibility of SWRL&rsquo;s and U-Swirl&rsquo;s net operating loss carryovers
 but the annual loss limitation will be deductible to RMCF and U-Swirl International Inc. upon the filing of joint tax returns in FY 



$1
050
$258
173.








 March 10
 February 24
 June 16
 June 6
 September 15
 September 5
 December 8
 November 24
 February 15
 2018
 March 16
 March 6
 2018.


 among other things
 the Company&#39;s results of operations
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 and on such other factors as the Company&#39;s Board of Directors 



 July 15
 2014
 million of its common stock in the open market or in private transactions

 2015
$2
058


 2015
$2
090
000
35
 February 28
 February 28
 2018
$638
000






2014
 Plan allows awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units
 February 28
 2018:





			

			
			
300
000
			



			

			
			
85
340
			



			

			
			
300
000
			



			

			
			
685
340
			



			

			
			
196
325
			




 stock options or restricted stock units:

			
			
(552
076
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
329
589
			










 February 28
 2018
 




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
12
936
			
			
			
12
936
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
(12
936
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
12
936
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 February 28
 2018
 




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
123
658
			
			
			
181
742
			
			
			
237
641
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
(44
064
			
			
			
(48
084
			
			
			
(55
899
			



			

			
			
(2
000
			
			
			
(10
000
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
77
594
			
			
			
123
658
			
			
			
181
742
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			








NOTE 

 reportable segments: Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. Franchising
 Manufacturing
 Retail Stores
 to these consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on operating contribution
 which excludes unallocated corporate general and administrative costs and income tax expense or benefit. The Company&rsquo;s reportable segments are strategic businesses that utilize common merchandising
 distribution
 and marketing functions
 as well as common information systems and corporate administration. All inter-segment sales prices are market based. Each segment is managed separately because of the differences in required infrastructure and the differences in products and services:





			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
6
004
897
			
			
			
27
491
089
			
			
			
1
876
021
			
			
			
4
142
085
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
39
514
092
			



			

			
			
(4
882
			
			
			
(1
434
515
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(1
439
397
			



			

			
			
6
000
015
			
			
			
26
056
574
			
			
			
1
876
021
			
			
			
4
142
085
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
38
074
695
			



			

			
			
2
623
081
			
			
			
5
791
980
			
			
			
(37
102
			
			
			
542
073
			
			
			
(3
795
829
			
			
			
5
124
203
			



			

			
			
1
157
158
			
			
			
12
729
659
			
			
			
1
134
876
			
			
			
8
125
171
			
			
			
5
793
771
			
			
			
28
940
635
			



			

			
			
15
429
			
			
			
429
545
			
			
			
33
056
			
			
			
11
899
			
			
			
55
027
			
			
			
544
956
			



			

			
			
46
087
			
			
			
540
033
			
			
			
32
567
			
			
			
576
162
			
			
			
124
406
			
			
			
1
319
255
			








			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
5
951
055
			
			
			
26
678
514
			
			
			
1
710
734
			
			
			
5
216
076
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
39
556
379
			



			

			
			
(5
332
			
			
			
(1
254
670
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(1
260
002
			



			

			
			
5
945
723
			
			
			
25
423
844
			
			
			
1
710
734
			
			
			
5
216
076
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
38
296
377
			



			

			
			
2
495
709
			
			
			
5
609
957
			
			
			
128
024
			
			
			
1
017
395
			
			
			
(3
855
380
			
			
			
5
395
705
			



			

			
			
1
216
241
			
			
			
12
900
070
			
			
			
1
101
461
			
			
			
9
124
822
			
			
			
5
075
762
			
			
			
29
418
356
			



			

			
			
15
480
			
			
			
966
619
			
			
			
17
047
			
			
			
40
924
			
			
			
198
402
			
			
			
1
238
472
			



			

			
			
54
053
			
			
			
463
996
			
			
			
14
755
			
			
			
622
654
			
			
			
133
251
			
			
			
1
288
709
			














			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
5
947
769
			
			
			
27
726
443
			
			
			
1
622
906
			
			
			
6
535
646
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
41
832
764
			



			

			
			
(5
185
			
			
			
(1
370
684
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
(1
375
869
			



			

			
			
5
942
584
			
			
			
26
355
759
			
			
			
1
622
906
			
			
			
6
535
646
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
40
456
895
			



			

			
			
2
608
351
			
			
			
6
731
221
			
			
			
(2
591
			
			
			
(2
128
649
			
			
			
(3
663
201
			
			
			
3
545
131
			



			

			
			
1
205
616
			
			
			
11
980
933
			
			
			
1
008
783
			
			
			
10
126
209
			
			
			
5
994
184
			
			
			
30
315
725
			



			

			
			
76
762
			
			
			
432
473
			
			
			
3
306
			
			
			
66
476
			
			
			
164
234
			
			
			
743
251
			



			

			
			
36
908
			
			
			
406
082
			
			
			
18
236
			
			
			
802
953
			
			
			
156
122
			
			
			
1
420
301
			




 million
 percent

 2018
 million
 February 28
 2017.












			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
2
431
884
			
			
			
1
997
751
			
			
			
1
383
805
			




 net

			
			
102
640
			
			
			
129
927
			
			
			
170
709
			



			

			
			
258
247
			
			
			
531
017
			
			
			
298
032
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
708
652
			
			
			
702
525
			
			
			
700
728
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
20
989
			
			
			
127
500
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
75
000
			









(k) plan called the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
(k) Plan. Eligible participants are permitted to make contributions up to statutory limits. The Company makes a matching contribution
-year period
29
2018
2016
$68
000
$66
000
$62
000

 to the plan.






 February 28
 2018 





			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
9
346
447
			
			
			
8
266
691
			
			
			
9
961
572
			
			
			
10
499
985
			
			
			
38
074
695
			



			

			
			
2
191
974
			
			
			
2
210
910
			
			
			
2
311
579
			
			
			
2
276
586
			
			
			
8
991
049
			



			

			
			
813
672
			
			
			
928
284
			
			
			
751
056
			
			
			
470
896
			
			
			
2
963
908
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			








			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
9
376
199
			
			
			
8
601
962
			
			
			
9
955
239
			
			
			
10
362
977
			
			
			
38
296
377
			



			

			
			
2
222
405
			
			
			
2
289
011
			
			
			
2
706
456
			
			
			
1
922
896
			
			
			
9
140
768
			



			

			
			
731
834
			
			
			
974
813
			
			
			
1
011
799
			
			
			
731
670
			
			
			
3
450
116
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




















			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
220
778
			
			
			
212
653
			
			
			
220
778
			
			
			
211
152
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
120
830
			
			
			
120
830
			
			
			
120
830
			
			
			
120
830
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
430
973
			
			
			
430
973
			
			
			
430
973
			
			
			
430
973
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
715
339
			
			
			
136
087
			
			
			
715
339
			
			
			
92
758
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
5
979
637
			
			
			
1
545
710
			
			
			
5
971
129
			
			
			
1
144
957
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
7
467
557
			
			
			
2
446
253
			
			
			
7
459
049
			
			
			
2
000
670
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
1
099
328
			
			
			
267
020
			
			
			
1
099
328
			
			
			
267
020
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
295
000
			
			
			
197
682
			
			
			
295
000
			
			
			
197
682
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
295
000
			
			
			
197
682
			
			
			
295
000
			
			
			
197
682
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
20
000
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
20
000
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
1
709
328
			
			
			
662
384
			
			
			
1
709
328
			
			
			
662
384
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
9
176
885
			
			
			
3
108
637
			
			
			
9
168
377
			
			
			
2
663
054
			




 March 1
 2002
350
 March 1
 2002.

29
2016
1
29
2016
$1
930
$1
930

 the Company focused on the actual performance of the acquired businesses that created the initial recognition of the goodwill
 as well as U-Swirl&rsquo;s past performance and future expected performance. Because of the significant underperformance of the acquired businesses as well as U-Swirl the Company determined that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded its fair value.




		
			

			



 and as a result
 the Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
29





		
			

			


$1
804
$1
532
$1
284
000.




		
			

			


 August 31
 February 28
 2016.




		
			

			


 August 31
 2015
 




$446
050
$427
840
$378
29
2018
2016








 February 28
 2018

 based upon the Company&rsquo;s existing intangible assets and current useful lives
 is estimated to be the following:





			

			
			
452
069
			



			

			
			
438
912
			



			

			
			
427
203
			



			

			
			
404
022
			



			

			
			
389
119
			



			

			
			
2
909
979
			



			

			
			
5
021
304
			









$60
 and impairment of Leasehold improvements

326
742






 May 10
2018
 June 15
 June 5
 2018.






2017


 material to any of the Company&rsquo;s prior annual consolidated financial statements and therefore
 required. As such

-K. The error resulted in corrections to beginning retained earnings



300

 respectively

 2017.

















Because of their inherent limitations
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting (collectively
 &ldquo;Control Systems&rdquo;) may not prevent or detect all failures or misstatements of the type sought to be avoided by Control Systems. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s Control Systems to future periods are subject to the risk that such controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management
 including the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (the &ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) and Chief Financial Officer (the &ldquo;CFO&rdquo;)
 does not expect that the Company&rsquo;s Control Systems will prevent all errors or all fraud. A Control System
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the Control System are met. Further
 the design of a Control System must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all Control Systems
 no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These reports by management
 including the CEO and CFO
 on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s Control Systems express only reasonable assurance of the conclusions reached.

 &mdash; The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
 that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the officers who certify the Company&rsquo;s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&rsquo;s reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
 are recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 with the participation of the CEO and CFO
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 as of February 28
 2018
 of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation
 the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of February 28
 2018.

 &mdash; Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under supervision of the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management
 with the participation of the CEO and CFO
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 as of February 28
 2018
 of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. In making this evaluation
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its publication Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation
 management has concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 28
 2018.

 &mdash;There were no changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended February 28
 2018 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.














ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2018.




 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2018.




 the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2018.




 2018
 which consists solely of the Company&rsquo;s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.




			

			

			
			
outstanding options
 warrants 
			

			
			

			
price of outstanding options
 
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 2018 consist of 77
594 unvested restricted stock units. The weighted-average exercise price is calculated solely with respect to the outstanding stock options.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units
 and other stock- and cash-based awards.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2018.




 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2018.









ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES






		
			

			




			

			



			

			



			

			



			

			



			

			



			

			













			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			




 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
536
093
			
			
			
166
868
			
			
			
196
989
			
			
			
505
972
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
670
471
			
			
			
138
125
			
			
			
272
503
			
			
			
536
093
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
729
060
			
			
			
171
000
			
			
			
229
589
			
			
			
670
471
			















 or incorporated by reference
 in this Annual Report.



			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			




			

			

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

			


 2015&nbsp;



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 Par Value $0.001 Per Share
 of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

			


 2015&nbsp;



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

			


 2015&nbsp;



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2007 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2010 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2007 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2007 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Master License Agreement
 dated August 17
 2009
 between Kahala Franchise Corp. and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation

			


 2009 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Revolving Line of Credit Note
 dated September 13
 2017
 between Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association

			


 2017&nbsp;



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Business Loan Agreement
 dated August 2
 2013
 between Wells Fargo Bank and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Business Loan Agreement
 dated December 27
 2013
 between Wells Fargo Bank and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation

			


 2014 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Master License Agreement
 dated April 27
 2012
 between RMCF Asia
 Ltd. and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation

			


 2012 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Voting Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 among U-Swirl
 Inc.
 Henry Cartwright
 Ulderico Conte
 Terry Cartwright
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
 and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)













			

			

Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC

			


 2013 (File No. 000-14749)



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Executive Officer

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Financial Officer

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Certification Pursuant To Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Executive Officer

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

Certification Pursuant To Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Financial Officer

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			


			



			
			



			


			

			


			
			



			



 as amended. We hereby undertake to supplementally furnish copies of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request.

























 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


		
			



		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		


			
			

		
			
			

			

 Chief

 Treasurer and
			


		
			
			
			




 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


		


			

		
			

			
			

 President and Chief
			
			


		
			
			

		


			

		
			

			

 Chief

 Treasurer and
			
			
			


		
			
			

		


			

		
			



		
			
			

		


			

		
			



		
			
			

		


			

		
			



		
			
			

		


			

		
			


















	
	










			


			





 Inc.


			




			

 LLC


			
			




			

 Inc. (1)


			
			




			

 Inc.


			
			







			

			

			

 2018
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. holds a 46% interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.
















	
	









 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-206534
 333-145986
 and 333-191729) of our report dated May 11
 2018
 relating to the consolidated financial statements which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.





 Colorado

 2018













	
	






 Chief Executive officer


 Franklin E. Crail
 certify that:


 Inc.;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#39;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#39;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.






		


 2018

			

			


		
			
			


 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
			

















	
	





 chief financial officer


 Bryan J. Merryman
 certify that:


 Inc.;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#39;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#39;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.






		


 2018

			

			


		
			
			


 Chief Operating Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
			

















	
	








 



 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:


 as amended; and


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




		


			

		
			
			

 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
			
















	
	








 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER



 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:


 as amended; and


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




		


			

		
			
			

 Chief Operating Officer
 Chief Financial Officer

			


















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  
  

  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  


 and the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; charge any service fees. While the Company&amp;#x2019;s franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment
 the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. The Company is in the process of obtaining a legal opinion regarding the necessity to submit unclaimed property to any states and is accumulating sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates related to unredeemed gift cards. This breakage rate is based on a percentage of sales when the likelihood of the redemption of the gift card becomes remote. When the Company has sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates
 the gift card breakage will be recognized over the same performance period
 and in the same proportion
 that the Company&amp;#x2019;s data has demonstrated that gift cards are redeemed. As the Company is in the process of obtaining a legal opinion regarding the necessity to submit unclaimed property to any states and is accumulating sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates
 the Company did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; recognize gift card breakage during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Accrued gift card liability was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
057
131&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
921
585&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017


 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&amp;#x2019; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate

  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  


000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;81
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;83
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;283

  
  
  






































 amendments of previously filed reports were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; required. As such
 a revision for the correction is reflected in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;financial information of the applicable prior periods in this Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-K. The error resulted in corrections to beginning retained earnings
 accrued liabilities and deferred tax assets of $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;492
766&lt;/div&gt;)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$192
233&lt;/div&gt; and $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;300
533&lt;/div&gt;)
 respectively
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

678
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$279
698
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$215
314&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Total advertising expense for U-Swirl and its brands amounted to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$222
093
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$335
771
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$460
034&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (a Colorado corporation) and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;ALY&amp;#x201d;)
 its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt;-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;SWRL&amp;#x201d;)
 and U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;U-Swirl&amp;#x201d;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; (collectively

 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1981
&lt;/div&gt; the Company is headquartered in Durango

 &lt;/div&gt;through our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 including Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;ALY&amp;#x201d;)
 we entered into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; agreements to sell all of the assets of our ALY frozen yogurt stores
 along with our interest in the self-serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as &amp;#x201c;Yogurtini
&amp;#x201d; which we also acquired in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;to U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;SWRL&amp;#x201d;)
 in exchange for a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; controlling equity interest in SWRL (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt; equity interest as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018). &lt;/div&gt;Upon completion of these transactions
 we ceased to directly operate any Company-owned ALY locations or sell and support frozen yogurt franchise locations

&lt;/div&gt; SWRL acquired the franchise rights and certain other assets of self-serve frozen yogurt concepts under the names &amp;#x201c;CherryBerry
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&amp;#x201d; and &amp;#x201c;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&amp;#x201d; In connection with these acquisitions
 we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 we entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &amp;#x201c;SWRL Loan Agreement&amp;#x201d;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
 we foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and concurrently we ceased to have financial control of SWRL as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018

&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogurtini
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;CherryBerry
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt

 frozen yogurt





 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (a Colorado corporation) and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;ALY&amp;#x201d;)
 its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt;-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;SWRL&amp;#x201d;)
 and U-Swirl International
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;U-Swirl&amp;#x201d;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; (collectively

 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator. Founded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1981
&lt;/div&gt; the Company is headquartered in Durango

 &lt;/div&gt;through our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 including Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;ALY&amp;#x201d;)
 we entered into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; agreements to sell all of the assets of our ALY frozen yogurt stores
 along with our interest in the self-serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as &amp;#x201c;Yogurtini
&amp;#x201d; which we also acquired in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;to U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;SWRL&amp;#x201d;)
 in exchange for a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; controlling equity interest in SWRL (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt; equity interest as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018). &lt;/div&gt;Upon completion of these transactions
 we ceased to directly operate any Company-owned ALY locations or sell and support frozen yogurt franchise locations

&lt;/div&gt; SWRL acquired the franchise rights and certain other assets of self-serve frozen yogurt concepts under the names &amp;#x201c;CherryBerry
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt&amp;#x201d; and &amp;#x201c;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt.&amp;#x201d; In connection with these acquisitions
 we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. used to finance the acquisitions by SWRL
 and in turn
 we entered into a loan and security agreement with SWRL to cover the purchase price and other costs associated with the acquisitions (the &amp;#x201c;SWRL Loan Agreement&amp;#x201d;). Borrowings under the SWRL Loan Agreement were secured by all of the assets of SWRL
 including all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. As a result of certain defaults under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 we issued a demand for payment of all obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement. SWRL was unable to repay the obligations under the SWRL Loan Agreement
 and as a result
 we foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and concurrently we ceased to have financial control of SWRL as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018

&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogurtini
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;CherryBerry
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt
&amp;#x201d; &amp;#x201c;Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt

 frozen yogurt




 and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. As described above
 on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company acquired a controlling interest in SWRL. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements excluded the financial information of SWRL. Beginning on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of SWRL have been included in these consolidated financial statements. The Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and concurrently the Company ceased to have financial control of U-Swirl
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl

 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.6&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 the Company extends credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$368
023&lt;/div&gt; of notes receivable outstanding and an allowance for doubtful accounts of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$26
500&lt;/div&gt; associated with these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear interest rates ranging from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.5%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%.&lt;/div&gt; The notes mature through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 2022 &lt;/div&gt;and approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$349

 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on actual differences. This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the recorded value is higher than the market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and future sales potential. Cost is determined using the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in

 which range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirty-nine&lt;/div&gt; years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements

 including identifiable intangible assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying amount of such assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum

 using current enacted income tax rates and regulations. These differences will result in taxable income or deductions in future years when the reported amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled
 respectively. Considerable judgment is required in determining when these events &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;occur and whether recovery of an asset
 including the utilization of a net operating loss or other carryforward prior to its expiration
 is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not.&lt;/div&gt; Due to historical U-Swirl losses
 prior to FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company established a full valuation allowance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company took possession of the outstanding equity in U-Swirl. As a result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership increasing to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%
&lt;/div&gt; the Company began filing consolidated income tax returns in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Because of this change


 and the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; charge any service fees. While the Company&amp;#x2019;s franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment
 the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. The Company is in the process of obtaining a legal opinion regarding the necessity to submit unclaimed property to any states and is accumulating sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates related to unredeemed gift cards. This breakage rate is based on a percentage of sales when the likelihood of the redemption of the gift card becomes remote. When the Company has sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates
 the gift card breakage will be recognized over the same performance period
 and in the same proportion
 that the Company&amp;#x2019;s data has demonstrated that gift cards are redeemed. As the Company is in the process of obtaining a legal opinion regarding the necessity to submit unclaimed property to any states and is accumulating sufficient historical redemption patterns to calculate breakage estimates
 the Company did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; recognize gift card breakage during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Accrued gift card liability was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
057
131&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
921
585&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired. Finally
 goodwill arose from business acquisitions

 an impairment loss is recognized. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl International
 Inc. pledged as collateral on the Loan Agreement with SWRL. This was the result of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s inability to repay the Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
930
529&lt;/div&gt; of goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. In the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 CherryBerry
 Fuzzy Peach

 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&amp;#x2019; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate


 the Company also recognizes a marketing and promotion fee of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; percent (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1%&lt;/div&gt;) of franchised stores&amp;#x2019; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. Beginning with Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchise store openings in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter of FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2004
&lt;/div&gt; the Company modified its royalty structure. Under the current structure

 the Company is required to pay a portion of franchise fee revenue
 or royalty fees to parties the Company has contracted with to assist in developing and growing a brand. The agreements generally include Development Agents
 or commissioned brokers who are paid a portion of the initial franchise fee
 a portion of the ongoing royalty fees
 or both. When such agreements exist
 the Company reports franchise fee and royalty fee revenues net of the amount paid
 or due

 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the consolidated financial statements


 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had stock-based compensation plans
 which currently consists solely of the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan

839
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$584
893
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$763
094&lt;/div&gt; related equity-based compensation expense during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which requires recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;tax benefits or expense resulting from the difference in the compensation cost recognized for stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax benefit or (expense) included in net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;34
128&lt;/div&gt;) and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$19
868

&lt;/div&gt; the Company granted &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; restricted stock units. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; stock options granted to employees during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; or FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; The restricted stock unit grants generally vest &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; annually over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; years. The Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$532
739&lt;/div&gt; of consolidated stock-based compensation expense related to these grants during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; compared with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$564
473&lt;/div&gt; in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$620
753

 unrestricted shares of stock to non-employee directors during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;compared to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; shares issued during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;In connection with these non-employee director stock issuances
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20
420&lt;/div&gt; of stock-based compensation expense during year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan to an independent contractor providing information technology consulting services to the Company. These shares were issued as a part of the compensation for services rendered to the Company by the contractor. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$59
100&lt;/div&gt; in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; stock options were excluded from diluted shares. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12

678
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$279
698
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$215
314&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Total advertising expense for U-Swirl and its brands amounted to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$222
093
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$335
771
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$460
034&lt;/div&gt; for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 trade receivables
 payables
 notes payable and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; will require immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets
 which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases currently classified as operating leases under ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;840&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases.&amp;#x201d; These amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures. These amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. Entities are required to apply the amendments at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The Company expects that substantially all of its operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and will be recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. The Company anticipates ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet. The impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; is non-cash in nature
 as such

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;825&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;)
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt; will be effective for us in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of the Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;). This guidance
 as amended by subsequent ASUs on the topic
 supersedes current guidance on revenue recognition in Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605
&lt;/div&gt; Revenue Recognition. This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim reporting periods. Early application of the guidance is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 31
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;This guidance is applicable to the Company's fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company expects the adoption of the new guidance to change the timing of recognition of initial franchise fees
 including master license and territory fees for the Company&amp;#x2019;s international business
 and renewal fees. Currently
 these fees are generally recognized upfront upon either opening of the respective franchise store or entry into a license agreement. The new guidance will generally require these fees to be recognized over the term of the related agreement
 which the Company expects will result in a material impact to revenue recognized for franchise fees
 license fees and renewal fees; the Company is still in the process of quantifying the material impact. The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expect this new guidance to materially impact the recognition of royalty income or sales of products. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on these and other revenue transactions
 as well as the presentation of marketing and advertising fee revenues and expenses
 in addition to the impact on accounting policies and related disclosures.&amp;nbsp; The Company anticipates that contract fulfillment costs under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; will have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; material impact to the Company's consolidated statements of income and statements of cash flows. The Company's current policy is to recognize initial franchise fees when a franchise location opens or at the start of a new agreement term. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. As a result
 initial fees received will most likely be recognized over the franchise term. The cumulative adjustment to be recorded as contract liabilities
 upon adoption

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.6&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28


431

997

383











989&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;127
500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;75

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Inc. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;401&lt;/div&gt;(k) Plan. Eligible participants are permitted to make contributions up to statutory limits. The Company makes a matching contribution
 which vests ratably over a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-year period
 and is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/div&gt; of the employee&amp;#x2019;s contribution up to a maximum of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.5%&lt;/div&gt; of the employee&amp;#x2019;s compensation. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company&amp;#x2019;s contribution was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$68
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$66
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$62
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively



  
  
  

 and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. As described above
 on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company acquired a controlling interest in SWRL. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements excluded the financial information of SWRL. Beginning on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 14
 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of SWRL have been included in these consolidated financial statements. The Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; in full satisfaction of the amounts owed under the SWRL Loan Agreement. This resulted in U-Swirl becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and concurrently the Company ceased to have financial control of U-Swirl
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; stockholders approved an amendment of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan (the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x201c;2007&lt;/div&gt; Plan&amp;#x201d;). The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Plan allows awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units
 and other stock- or cash-based awards. The following table summarizes stock awards under the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Plan as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28









 2018





 2018





















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; stock options were excluded from diluted shares. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12

  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

 trade receivables
 payables
 notes payable and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

















979

545

971

144

467

446

459

000

099


099












709


709


176

108

168

663

 2002
 &lt;/div&gt;under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350
&lt;/div&gt; all goodwill with indefinite lives is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer subject to amortization. Accumulated amortization related to intangible assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; subject to amortization is a result of amortization expense related to indefinite life goodwill incurred prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; RMCF foreclosed on all stock in U-Swirl pledged as collateral on the SWRL Loan Agreement. As described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
&lt;/div&gt; this was the result of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s inability to repay the SWRL Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
930
529&lt;/div&gt; of Goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. The Company performed a test of impairment in conjunction with the change in ownership and the result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s test indicated a full impairment of the U-Swirl goodwill. The Company recognized an impairment loss of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
930
529&lt;/div&gt; to reduce the carrying value of Goodwill to the fair value. In making this determination the Company reviewed the fair value of U-Swirl compared to its carrying value. In performing this testing
 the Company focused on the actual performance of the acquired businesses that created the initial recognition of the goodwill

 and as a result
 the Company foreclosed on all of the outstanding stock of U-Swirl International
 Inc. as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29

804
000&lt;/div&gt; and during the term of the loan SWRL reported trailing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; month adjusted EBITDA of between &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
532
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
284

 2014 &lt;/div&gt;to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;210&lt;/div&gt; franchise caf&amp;eacute;s in operation at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 2015

050
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$427
840
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$378
373&lt;/div&gt; during the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;annual amortization of intangible assets
 based upon the Company&amp;#x2019;s existing intangible assets and current useful lives






909

021


 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired. Finally
 goodwill arose from business acquisitions

 an impairment loss is recognized. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; RMCF repossessed all stock in U-Swirl International
 Inc. pledged as collateral on the Loan Agreement with SWRL. This was the result of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s inability to repay the Loan Agreement and inability to cure defaults of financial covenants. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; U-Swirl had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
930
529&lt;/div&gt; of goodwill recorded as a result of past business acquisitions. In the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016


 CherryBerry
 Fuzzy Peach

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

916

411

420




136

683

616



725






878

160

945











175











976

635

066

683



141

776








 2018 &lt;/div&gt;increased from the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;primarily as a result the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower enacted U.S. corporate tax rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; under the recent Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted in income tax expense of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$421
000&lt;/div&gt; recognized in consideration of the lower enacted rate. The tax benefit realized for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was primarily due to the tax consequences of a change in the controlling interest in U-Swirl and foreclosure upon the stock of U-Swirl. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; an income tax benefit of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
149
000&lt;/div&gt; was recognized as a result of the company foreclosing upon the interest in U-Swirl and recognizing deferred tax assets and loss carry forwards that previously had full valuation allowances when RMCF had less than an &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;80%&lt;/div&gt; ownership interest. Resulting from this foreclosure

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and prior periods
 the financial statements presented represent the consolidated statements of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; separate consolidated groups for income tax purposes. RMCF has filed income tax returns consolidating the results of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and its wholly owned subsidiary
 ALY. SWRL has filed a separate consolidated income tax return for the results of U-Swirl
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl. RMCF and SWRL have filed separate income tax returns because RMCF owned only &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;39%&lt;/div&gt; of SWRL. Beginning on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2016

 the Company is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations in its major tax jurisdictions for periods before FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2013.&lt;/div&gt; The Company&amp;#x2019;s federal income tax returns have been examined for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 in the appropriate tax jurisdictions
 in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are changed. Management believes that
 with the exception of the deferred tax asset related to restructuring charges
 it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that RMCF will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

 based on the technical merits of the position. The Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently complex. As such
 the Company is required to make judgments regarding income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax law and regulations change over time and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;result in changes to the Company's judgments which can materially affect amounts recognized in the balance sheets and statements of operations. The result of the assessment of the Company's tax positions did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have an impact on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have any significant unrecognized tax benefits and does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; anticipate a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits within the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months. Amounts are recognized for income tax related interest and penalties as a component of general and administrative expense in the statement of income and are immaterial for years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company foreclosed on the outstanding equity of U-Swirl and U-Swirl was consolidated for income tax purposes. SWRL
 along with U-Swirl has historically filed its own consolidated federal income tax return and reported its own Federal net operating loss carry forward. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;SWRL had recorded a full valuation allowance related to the realization of its deferred income tax assets. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 deductibility of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s and U-Swirl&amp;#x2019;s Federal net operating loss carryovers &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be subject to annual limitation in the event of a change in control. The Company has performed a preliminary evaluation as to whether a change in control has taken place
 and have concluded that there was a change of control with respect to the net operating losses of U-Swirl when the Company acquired its controlling ownership interest in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 2013 &lt;/div&gt;and again in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 2016 &lt;/div&gt;when the Company foreclosed on the stock of U-Swirl. The initial limitations will continue to limit deductibility of SWRL&amp;#x2019;s and U-Swirl&amp;#x2019;s net operating loss carryovers

 limited by section &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;382
&lt;/div&gt; to be approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1
050
000&lt;/div&gt; with a resulting deferred tax asset of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$258

  
  
  
  
  

 using current enacted income tax rates and regulations. These differences will result in taxable income or deductions in future years when the reported amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled
 respectively. Considerable judgment is required in determining when these events &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;occur and whether recovery of an asset
 including the utilization of a net operating loss or other carryforward prior to its expiration
 is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not.&lt;/div&gt; Due to historical U-Swirl losses
 prior to FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company established a full valuation allowance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets. During FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; the Company took possession of the outstanding equity in U-Swirl. As a result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s ownership increasing to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%
&lt;/div&gt; the Company began filing consolidated income tax returns in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Because of this change

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

764

021

371

137





842

975

  
  
  
  

 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value based on actual differences. This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the recorded value is higher than the market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and future sales potential. Cost is determined using the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5&lt;/div&gt; million working capital line of credit from Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A.
 collateralized by substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets with the exception of the Company&amp;#x2019;s retail store assets. Draws &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be made under the line at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of eligible accounts receivable plus &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of eligible inventories. Interest on borrowings is at LIBOR plus &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.25%&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.9%&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018). &lt;/div&gt;At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5&lt;/div&gt; million was available for borrowings under the line of credit
 subject to borrowing base limitations. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018

 2014
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a business loan agreement with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. (the &amp;#x201c;Wells Fargo Loan Agreement&amp;#x201d;) for a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.0&lt;/div&gt; million long-term line of credit to be used to loan money to SWRL to fund the purchase price of business acquisitions by SWRL (the &amp;#x201c;Wells Fargo Loan&amp;#x201d;). The Company made its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; draw of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.4&lt;/div&gt; million on the Wells Fargo Loan on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 16
 2014 &lt;/div&gt;and the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; draw was the amount outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2014. &lt;/div&gt;Interest on the Wells Fargo Loan is at a fixed rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.75%&lt;/div&gt; and the maturity date is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 15
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;The Wells Fargo Loan &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be prepaid without penalty at any time by the Company. The Wells Fargo Loan is collateralized by substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 including the SWRL Loan Agreement. Additionally
 the Wells Fargo Loan is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. The Wells Fargo Loan Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties

529

831

352

302

176

529

352
893&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
176
416&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
529


000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;272
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;145
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
136

 which the Company then subleases to franchisees
 but the majority of existing locations are leased by the franchisee directly. The Company&amp;#x2019;s current policy is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; to act as primary lessee on any further franchised locations
 except in rare instances. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018

 the Company has leased space for its Company-owned locations that are now occupied by franchisees. When the Company-owned location was sold or transferred
 the store was subleased to the franchisee who is responsible for the monthly rent and other obligations under the lease. The Company's liability as primary lessee on sublet franchise outlets
 all of which is fully offset by sublease rentals

000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;81
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;83
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;283

270


187










&lt;/div&gt; the Company renewed an operating lease for warehouse space in the immediate vicinity of its manufacturing operation. The following is a schedule
 by year

000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;121
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;125
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;129
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;134
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;34
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;660

000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;288
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;288
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;223
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
109




 the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was contracted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$529

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; will require immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets
 which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases currently classified as operating leases under ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;840&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases.&amp;#x201d; These amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures. These amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. Entities are required to apply the amendments at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The Company expects that substantially all of its operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and will be recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption. The Company anticipates ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; will have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet. The impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; is non-cash in nature
 as such

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;825&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;)
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt; will be effective for us in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of the Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;). This guidance
 as amended by subsequent ASUs on the topic
 supersedes current guidance on revenue recognition in Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605
&lt;/div&gt; Revenue Recognition. This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim reporting periods. Early application of the guidance is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 31
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;This guidance is applicable to the Company's fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company expects the adoption of the new guidance to change the timing of recognition of initial franchise fees
 including master license and territory fees for the Company&amp;#x2019;s international business
 and renewal fees. Currently
 these fees are generally recognized upfront upon either opening of the respective franchise store or entry into a license agreement. The new guidance will generally require these fees to be recognized over the term of the related agreement
 which the Company expects will result in a material impact to revenue recognized for franchise fees
 license fees and renewal fees; the Company is still in the process of quantifying the material impact. The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expect this new guidance to materially impact the recognition of royalty income or sales of products. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on these and other revenue transactions
 as well as the presentation of marketing and advertising fee revenues and expenses
 in addition to the impact on accounting policies and related disclosures.&amp;nbsp; The Company anticipates that contract fulfillment costs under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt; will have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; material impact to the Company's consolidated statements of income and statements of cash flows. The Company's current policy is to recognize initial franchise fees when a franchise location opens or at the start of a new agreement term. In accordance with the new guidance
 the initial franchise services are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; distinct from the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement
 and will be treated as a single performance obligation. As a result
 initial fees received will most likely be recognized over the franchise term. The cumulative adjustment to be recorded as contract liabilities
 upon adoption


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  




905

787

686

598

067

047

568

531





112

848

946

390


166

457

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirty-nine&lt;/div&gt; years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements

 including identifiable intangible assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying amount of such assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum




905

787

686

598

067

047

568

531





112

848

946

390


166

457

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  



346

266

961

499

074

191

210

311

276

991





963

376

601

955

362

296

222

289

706

922

140



011


450


 the Company extends credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$368
023&lt;/div&gt; of notes receivable outstanding and an allowance for doubtful accounts of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$26
500&lt;/div&gt; associated with these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear interest rates ranging from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.5%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%.&lt;/div&gt; The notes mature through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 2022 &lt;/div&gt;and approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$349

  
  
  

000&lt;/div&gt; during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and impairment of Leasehold improvements
 property and equipment impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
326

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  

  


 the Company also recognizes a marketing and promotion fee of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; percent (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1%&lt;/div&gt;) of franchised stores&amp;#x2019; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. Beginning with Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchise store openings in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter of FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2004
&lt;/div&gt; the Company modified its royalty structure. Under the current structure

 the Company is required to pay a portion of franchise fee revenue
 or royalty fees to parties the Company has contracted with to assist in developing and growing a brand. The agreements generally include Development Agents
 or commissioned brokers who are paid a portion of the initial franchise fee
 a portion of the ongoing royalty fees
 or both. When such agreements exist
 the Company reports franchise fee and royalty fee revenues net of the amount paid
 or due

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

431

997

383











989&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;127
500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;75


916

411

420




136

683

616



725






878

160

945



529

831

352

302

176

529









175











976

635

066

683



141

776







000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;272
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;145
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
136

000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;121
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;125
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;129
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;134
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;34
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;660

000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;288
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;288
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;223
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
109


















979

545

971

144

467

446

459

000

099


099












709


709


176

108

168

663


764

021

371

137





842

975


352
893&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
176
416&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
529


346

266

961

499

074

191

210

311

276

991





963

376

601

955

362

296

222

289

706

922

140



011


450


270


187














004

491

876

142

514


434

439

000

056

876

142

074

623

791



795

124

157

729

134

125

793

940












319

951

678

710

216

556


254

260

945

423

710

216

296

495

609


017

855

395

216

900

101

124

075

418






238






288

947

726

622

535

832


370

375

942

355

622

535

456

608

731


128

663

545

205

980

008

126

994

315












420
























909

021


 Inc. Franchising
 Manufacturing
 Retail Stores
 U-Swirl operations and Other. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; to these consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on operating contribution
 which excludes unallocated corporate general and administrative costs and income tax expense or benefit. The Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable segments are strategic businesses that utilize common merchandising
 distribution
 and marketing functions

004

491

876

142

514


434

439

000

056

876

142

074

623

791



795

124

157

729

134

125

793

940












319

951

678

710

216

556


254

260

945

423

710

216

296

495

609


017

855

395

216

900

101

124

075

418






238






288

947

726

622

535

832


370

375

942

355

622

535

456

608

731


128

663

545

205

980

008

126

994

315












420

 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13.4&lt;/div&gt; percent
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues from external customers during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;compared to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.1&lt;/div&gt; million
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10.6&lt;/div&gt; percent of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues from external customers during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  


  
  



  
  

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had stock-based compensation plans
 which currently consists solely of the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan

839
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$584
893
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$763
094&lt;/div&gt; related equity-based compensation expense during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which requires recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement. Prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;tax benefits or expense resulting from the difference in the compensation cost recognized for stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax benefit or (expense) included in net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was $(&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;34
128&lt;/div&gt;) and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$19
868

&lt;/div&gt; the Company granted &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; restricted stock units. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; stock options granted to employees during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; or FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; The restricted stock unit grants generally vest &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; annually over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;six&lt;/div&gt; years. The Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$532
739&lt;/div&gt; of consolidated stock-based compensation expense related to these grants during FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; compared with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$564
473&lt;/div&gt; in FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$620
753

 unrestricted shares of stock to non-employee directors during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;compared to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; shares issued during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;In connection with these non-employee director stock issuances
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20
420&lt;/div&gt; of stock-based compensation expense during year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan to an independent contractor providing information technology consulting services to the Company. These shares were issued as a part of the compensation for services rendered to the Company by the contractor. Associated with this unrestricted stock award
 the Company recognized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$59
100&lt;/div&gt; in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 2017 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 24
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 16
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 6
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 15
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 5
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 8
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 24
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per share of common stock on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 15
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;which was paid on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 16
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to stockholders of record on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 6

 among other things
 the Company's results of operations
 financial condition
 capital requirements

 2014
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company publicly announced a plan to repurchase up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.0&lt;/div&gt; million of its common stock in the open market or in private transactions
 whenever deemed appropriate by management. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 13
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company announced a plan to purchase up to an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
058
000&lt;/div&gt; of its common stock under the repurchase plan
 and on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 21
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company announced a further increase to the repurchase plan by authorizing the purchase of up to an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2
090
000&lt;/div&gt; of its common stock under the repurchase plan. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-style: normal;&gt;FY &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company repurchased &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35
108&lt;/div&gt; shares under the repurchase plan at an average price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.01&lt;/div&gt; per share. The Company did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; repurchase any shares during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 28
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$638


 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company announced that its Board of Directors has declared a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;FY2019&lt;/div&gt; cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.12&lt;/div&gt; per common share outstanding. The cash dividend will be payable &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 15
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to shareholders of record at the close of business &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 5







  
  
  

 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the consolidated financial statements

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  













    


    


    


    




        


        





      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      






































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Stock Options



    


    


    


    
    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    










    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    

 taxes
 depreciation and amortization is an indicator of a company's financial performance which is calculated in the following manner:EBITDA = Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax
 interest



    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    






    
    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Award Vesting Rights



    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Inc.



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    
    










    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments



    
    
    






    
    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    

 remediation cost
 and asset impairment loss



    


    
    






    
    






    
    








    






    
    



 plant and equipment











    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    


    
    
    


    




    










    

 Shares



    
    




    
    






    


    




    

 Interest Rate











    


    






    


    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    




    
    


    


    

 Liabilities
 Cumulative Adjustment

    


    



 exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of $523
034
 $447
651 and $404
391
 respectively



    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    

 Allowance for Credit Losses



    




    
    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    







 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    






    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    






    





 less current portion and allowance for doubtful accounts of $17
500 and $26
500











    

 Operating Lease



    

 Operating Lease



    
    


    




    
    


    
    






    


    






    







 $.001 par value per share
 46
000
000 shares authorized
 5
903
436 and 5
854
372 issued
 and 5
903
436 and 5
854
372 outstanding



    














    
    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    
    



 $.001 par value per share; 250
000 authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding; Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 authorized 50
000 shares; undesignated series
 authorized 200



    
    






    
    


    








    
    


    
    



















 Goodwill




 less reserve for slow moving inventory of $357
706 and $249
051

    






    


    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    










    



 current portion
 less current portion of the valuation allowance of $9
000 and $22
147







    






    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $479
472 and $487
446



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    





 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards







    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Credit Risk



    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    

 Continuing Operations



    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    










    






    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    




    


    


    




    
    






    
    


    
    


    




    




    



 12-09



    


    


    




    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    


    


    



 including accrued



    
    






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 img01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ 4P#K P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3
MU-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ ^D:*** 




R2_:;D(JJ.K%5Q@?6MK2'^&]CJ5I

MLI_GBD_X6+\8+SFVL+A!_P!
]+'_ +







M?-;N=LB_\!//Y5TBUT)IJZ9SM.+LT+1113$%%%% !1110 4449H ***
T %9

M)KU;PO\  OPWHCQ/XEN4U.];&V%VV19]EZM^/Y5H_ KP]-HGP_6YN4*2ZE
;






8^EF.^QB?!
_\ %L;\C_GYFZG_ &!7F?\







MJC0I*I!$

?A][ZCGVKK?@=X]U_P 17M[H^NW NTM(!)'-(/WH.[&U

TS47^$_QLO5U%&6PFD=)

B^)-3TM= AE6RNY;<2&Y(WA



WU;


M&4\D8.
=R:L^!_BWH7C?4&T^VBGLKX*62*?'[P#KM(/:L:E2%233ZLE1J1]]











MSQE%X&UX]V
?[RYHUPC2/VHK2YN2$BGN(G5FX&'3;G/UHT\C6?VIII[5O
BM












M&M%^TNQ2_P G/GHPPI'H



MT7\=^AG_ 
.WT?4(HHQM1$C0

M !H_X:*\-'_F%ZE_WPO^-'/1M:XE&O?F-SQ;\(]+\6:3IL


M49++[&SL&2
/NW #N?:N@NM!6Y\'R:#Y[*CV?V7SMHR!MV[L5YS_ 

[CPW<W#:E:7+N93*@7<&X(P#7)_\ #17A
QV7COP%IOC



M:^^/7A#4XT6\T;4G\MMR
%4

MK4_F?WA_PI3X?_\ 0 _\G;C_ ..4?\*4^'__ $ /_)VX_P#CE%%'LH?RH/:U
M/YG]X?\ E/A_P#] #_R=N/_ (Y1_P *4^'_ /T /_)VX_\ CE%%'LH?RH/:
MU/YG]X?\*4^'_P#T /\ R=N/_CE'_E/A_\ ] #_ 
G;C_XY111[*'\J#VM3


MPI3X?_\ 0 _\G;C_ ..4?\*4^'__ $ /_)VX_P#CE%%'LH?RH/:U/YG]X?\
ME/A_P#] #_R=N/_ (Y1_P *4^'_ /T /_)VX_\ CE%%'LH?RH/:U/YG]X?\
M*4^'_P#T /\ R=N/_CE'_E/A_\ ] #_ 

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_LongLivedAssetsAndGoodwillImpairmentCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisionsExcludingLonglivedAssetsAndGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=rmcf_FranchiseAndRoyaltyFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_RetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSoldDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesForUnredeeemedGiftCards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rmcf_UndesignatedSeriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonStockExchangedReorganizationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromContributionByNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStockExchangedReorganization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonStockExchangedReorganizationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromContributionByNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStockExchangedReorganization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonStockExchangedReorganizationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromContributionByNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStockExchangedReorganization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ProceedsFromPaymentsForSaleOrDistributionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ProceedsFromPaymentsForTaxBenefitExpenseOfStockAwardsFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDisclosures'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 72pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=4 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 81pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_GiftCardBreakagePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_InsuranceAndSelfinsuranceReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfStoresTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ScheduleOfFutureSubleaseRentalPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 72pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 10%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 15%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=4 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 3%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 81pt; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesForUnredeeemedGiftCards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ContractWithCustomerLiabilitiesCumulativeAdjustmentPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=rmcf_IndependentContractorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=rmcf_UnrestrictedSharesOfStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_MarketingAndPromotionFeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchiseFeeRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_ProductsSoldMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchiseFeeRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_GrossRetailSalesInStoresOpenedPriorToJuly2004Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchiseFeeRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=rmcf_UswirlInternationalIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=rmcf_SecuredByAssetsFinancedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FinancingReceivableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PercentOfRetailSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FinancingReceivableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PercentOfRetailSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_RockyMountainChocolateFactoryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_SoldNotYetOpenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=rmcf_OpenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresAndKiosksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresAndKiosksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresDomesticStoresAndKiosksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_InternationalLicenseStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_ColdStoneCreameryCobrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_ColdStoneCreameryCobrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_ColdStoneCreameryCobrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_CompanyOwnedStoresCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresNorthAmericanStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresNorthAmericanStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresNorthAmericanStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresNorthAmericanCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresNorthAmericanCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MortgageLoansOnRealEstateDescriptionTypeOfPropertyAxis=rmcf_FranchiseStoresNorthAmericanCoBrandedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_InventoryPackaging'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=rmcf_WellsFargoBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=rmcf_EligibleInventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_MaximumDrawsAllowed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=rmcf_PrimaryLesseeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=rmcf_FranchisedStoresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=rmcf_FormerOfficeSpaceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PurchaseContractsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PurchaseContractsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=rmcf_RetailOperationsFacilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=rmcf_WarehouseSpaceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=rmcf_TruckingEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseContingentRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=rmcf_TruckingEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAdjustmentOfDeferredTaxAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_USwirlSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationImpactOfTaxReformPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsSelfInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetTaxExpenseBenefitsRealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetTaxBenefitsReleased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceImpactOfTaxReform'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalAuthorizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberOfPriorPlanSharesAuthorizedAndIncorporated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_FranchisingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_ManufacturingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_RetailSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=rmcf_USwirlSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToOtherAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestituresByUniqueNameAxis=rmcf_SaleOfLongLivedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestituresByUniqueNameAxis=rmcf_SaleOfOtherAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_DefinedContributionPlanEmployersMatchingContributionVestingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_EBITDARequirement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AjustedEBITDA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=rmcf_USwirlIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AjustedEBITDA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=rmcf_UswirlInternationalIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_CompanyStoresGoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_FranchisingGoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_ManufacturingSegmentGoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_StoreDesignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_PackagingDesignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_TrademarksAndNonCompetitionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_TrademarksAndNonCompetitionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=rmcf_TrademarksAndNonCompetitionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_FranchiseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_AssetImpairmentChargesIncludingAccruedImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=rmcf_CorrectionToRetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=rmcf_CorrectionToAccruedLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=rmcf_CorrectionToDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     &AJ]
W*!$U.X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


MFS*V!]C1TN]/GT U1HU=HN?414KL*=\



MO#T]OLSK%K[-;%ND\5?VFD^1MN(R^75]=[][$&8EU6TAJT)5.[71E=)*OD^N
M/_RNPJ%S?N__L?%%T-3PZR[
%U!+ P04     &AJ]


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS

=:

MK.;W98SBMX7GZGQ19B%9+3IZ9C^9^M4]3U+!BO'JF&MK'@;79:QFOTN$.E







M


 &!W3\46 ;(K*/B%V((/ 6
M#'S-*S$3V'Z02D

M3#FA

(


SB?ISG)IL(&5S+*0BDOPW8.

BYX;6R-F=UNXS80A5_%\'W6G.%_
MX 2(;10MT *++;:]5A(F



]KY^[S7J7OC:3]GF[K9I_%VE3OUY-8?IVX=OZ
M\:GK+\RNY_OJ
?V9NN_[KTT^FQU;N5]OTZY=U[M)DQZNIC=PN=*Q#QB(O];I
MM3TYGO1#N:WK'_W);_=74]4K2IMTU_5-5/GK)2W39M.WE'7\



#L Q (\!X#X-T&.
M?@\PGP:8



MQ76S(B@PM(Z=P:Q&YL

MW8I4O@!:-88JIZ#V@/&4*C@(+L7&.8!IM2;)@^?IXS,J=@+0$#Z.R]%
MTMM:3&50 3G5.G^EAT
N(49Z@
@.(ZQ/E#I'#-@/;O+!2QX4_!MD-T+N'T9




!W'KRS%3(5GL-%8&UCF.7B!#HPJK;9E
T-N
M0I9




IOXI@CF9D545#N9
6.
+&RF4_1.Y?[KH@=E$\-X
M]B,/+3N)YD['GJ


CJ]E




M
:4P\C:N+7?K

M4RD&3XZWVQ'[$X7[V'2_L$[7;'=FVJ.

MHJT
[.7X]
AA;=]!Z@
M^5'*_P%02P



MW


M8SU
KC3^64^#0_'=S=^E[/M\M/WI?.+ZGUH9Y*LSA*\DNM8LT5^C])E?N_


P9!4N
YZ'R%:V8\1_1CF
MQROBYRRQ5_WH$+W6U(^DLS:@EOU8T8_E?H#XL:P?4-8:8GO-9:BM@\)H.]&-
MXV[(A%HYGK7!X#1QPV7&7ZMNS'C1C.=F2\KSWL)!HVG0R7HHA]FC^PGB'X

K3.FL+BJ*;R-U8XB;RB6.M!WVU@L]^)%8%5#)CD#)



MC9L
61 H2ZD&')].YS]JB

MD%$+G+6T.%D!9RB&:)33EIH2E-% 'F
GNT*9MJ@8V4(A+Y39B


MCE%GC%)T]6=A9*CF3:HD!;N@.@4)^J8?MG;XD+

@I
MJO



EJ^;$M%'1[4=2!5NHA;1


MF8


MY;]02P







6)$)S8PNDU\:A.1@BQ8%Q1& )E. M%62CDE@LUD3Q8S9LI4KVE&
M8L!Q8A0G1G8A1

G3HVR37%!)#(3($PMKZ9783
MXIIB @$$]SB8(2VR9&[#LI-V13H@ND N2X+CC+I@G!CLL]RBD6[L* V##8
M-CR(QL7BC$0TLMT&$Z8QC=B%/P/@7@R(&8-MQN :[04H1'@5C=E0%P9+OQB
M #=2P)S4]HM!-

M='

MMSM;+-K[YVI3MA_K7;6-OSS6S:;LXM?F:='NFJI\&!IMU@MG3%ALRM5V?GD^
M;/O47)[7+]UZM:T^-;/V9;

MW5^[3TW\MCCT\K#:5-MV56]G3?5X



MO[/[E[:K-V



U[+LRLOSIGZ;-?L5


M9 HQYEO0G?6.
R-V]ETJS$
1


8X+G+L4T? O@(?-P4B0]%%V.PCS68929UH@1



MSD@<LZ
\3&UL8



)E0:$Q87;1E! &1.I.QD2B*?D+

8\Y GY; E$J@TF(:-L

DIE
BXQ
M0%9AM&MJQHAA%
QD7.(4




9@
@4FV4&_. 1.SE^O-I2BJ\

00\H


M8&@& 


19Y!0T1*]9!J]Z4C#=$
MJI*?L.@XD

M(V.ONOA6)

%]DI%E(V_EA--&ZIB=/Y5?W)9%=9CD3 GM'?
M=2&K!&V04T!)SE0^L_XKV#QKY-CPW^$5










M;P^W4S



M]C9T=-3



9


N)I'


+LL

$LLO0
A1984 #+KG/.U#8/I90&^@IIV39PK[TQ66T;KRERJ


M]

M0*KDU4$4R=@6
L@$_LK&;:27PDCC0#29/:9DV:0]R2+5Z!BYZ):*H/5$JE
M4$NN&&D$#F51EA$$(.2=R_(@M$!2^5L(:NJ)5)&Q^1K*19SC0#75 5'@%?,
MV5NU38&PK!E*$H%+I R94RW),$8;&YUC8^WI#X8, \A$1G62BYTY33Z
6

MAH./= ^5G'SMY

8;PSP)C?HG-%AS)8%;V3.@DKG+O;R




O7=]WF_$-R6/7]6WQ:3Z4^7UNFX?3CW7[V ]?8_F^.[QJ.OSHNY?C

$%     @ AH:O3):Y5DFV 0  T@

M0.&0T2U]=SS*NG'!P?*T$S4\@?O5G8VWV
Q22@VME=@2 U5&[[?'4Q+B8\!O


#



JN@6B*.8TQ?!DS1S#//J?@:RE._#\X7X?O5A7N



M971S+W-H965T

MXB2H@#











HFJEJIE5:IVCY[80 K






M?P%02P

M+W-H965T



_&6VQ1J:2&SDKLB($ZIW?[XRD-^ CX*6&TJS
)





YYRY
&0#FF?; CCRHJ2V.6V=ZPZ



M*M?F=$])!37OI7O$X1M
]5Q3

M0L=]&&_2NXFV3D@F0C(3]C$.&P/%S+]PQXO
X$#


M965T


M/9JV8:ZSP*M(4I(EF\T7IKC0M

^\49,*IJ+XZ[@+
M'?=AO$FO)]HZ(9D(R4S8QSAL#!0S_\8]+S)K!F+'WG<\//'VD&!ORN
K8AW


D+[SRPMTE\DW?X..V_
MN&V$=N1L/+YL[']MC =

M965T

4AZ1=%-F6FDY3*VU2U&GK;V)?VZC@ZP*.







MXSZ
-[=7VCJ!3P0^$_:1P
9 
?.OPHD\-3@0

$9VQ%O//)




$
M%     @ AH:O3+
1BY2W 0  T@

T


@CY-'[-FG0)&8CK\YOZQUB[K^4J+#RA_-E5KLWI







V8TX3A*\QN03!47T+PK1 G_A^=;]/WFQGN(WV_CG[8;PNDFP)I
M%$C_*?'PKL0MS
=W0=BJIQIL$Z?)D=(



P.





M &AJ]



M%]LS/N?

2VQM@

Q[

MYN0:A&;

2K+R'H5H@3_8].M^GI9H9II*?KZ(=T6R#;%
BB0/9/

RU7%EVT\R\;





.HAH8-

M)M90!=%N.0*5#
_!MSK












MBO'=[HYI(3M:9-%W-D6&@U.R@[

PF57!!?@O%4Y707$@(%

;&:81'JRCGY(M@7238$TJ3_E)A\
M*'$+DWX(PE8]U6:.$V6E#AT<9)7WF5@[WE\D[_P:=J_=/(SI(+.O^RL?\U
MH@.?RN[&CU#K/]AB**A=./J!(&8:L\EPV,\_BW?N/@#4$L#!!0    ( (:&








W]BCE6%T1

=%Q9=-'.OVSL?ZNU
M Y_*[L:/4.\_V&((:%TX'OS9I#%+AM/#_(/(\HVK/U!+ P04     &AJ]









M01]0)7*Z%8%MH.E0K



;S9?F!*M

M2MDJT+9%30Q4&;W?[@^[@(^ WRT
=F&3T



M3

M4+E@?O6V&==L=!QVTPMB\S/._P)02P
$%     @ AH:O3
:/VZVA @  % L


/Q 4


\%.YM#)

/L0U D_126

=(%!


$*\X
M6K










5_
M@RLH# ]*
$=AE(LK*7KGC9Y84(H6K^

!Y22W.$(-?C!


MY%6KUF6T\;X[


M:;Q
FG0.&8C+\YOZ]U@[UG(6#NZ

M%U (#YE@C
(H%U=2]
X;/:E@*EJ\CKMLXSZ
-\G7B;9.X!.!SX1]C
/&0#'S



/8O


P+GAM;&U486_;(!#]*X@?4!(2

P\J Y:=U(I+9EUIJZ)Z32P





M69:G6@U(CW??
=_B]9&ZNRF\


Q+GAM;'54


257+S1A

LSD(CN/
MWA

#YK3M4)XZWT7FJ1@T:SNXR$ -
MG%/YYPQ



Q&H5@
MRGV#8E!:\)G%I
+IZ[2VG5O'Z22)YS!_ )D#R!)P=#IX$G*9/U%-\U2*
9!3

3E
Y&5KT


M=N!P46U

M[D0/G5FIA.14FU#61/42:.E(G)$H!+:=OA/'6YL\Q3

M89-N*]R:*5Z9[#7?!7%*KE9HQIPF3+3A N&/7%(O)9G*)/]
A/WWDKW#GZ





='


M$&YC'#(%BIE_8XZ5N=$C

KXIU/WGKOI4P3FI-+$)HQ
MQPE#5YAD01OOH2@6R&.]#\ZW::GFQFFD9ZNZ?OK;8%L4R+ MD_):9?2MS
M9%^D%5/)9@V3I-%E1Y4G.25=QG8.QK?Y!
^3?M/9EJN+#IKYU\V]K_1VH%/




M!F-?70O@R9N2VN6T];X[



MNL D
X*A^APB70MQ3O^CI^OT[6J&VTC?+NG'_;K ;E5@%P5V_Y1X^%#B&N;X


MXPH76?2=39'IW@FNX&R0[:5DYNT$0@\Y3O&[XXDWK0L.4F0=:^ GN%_=V7B+

#1A74K!?N20\/
-6S


&=!_:6QC?Y!Q^G_9&9ABN++MKYEXW]K[5VX%-)
M;OP(M?Z#S8: VH7CWI_-.&:CX70W_2 R?^/B+U!+ P04     &AJ],$4SI
M K\!   W!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-RYX;6QM5&%OVR 0
M_2N('U 2'+=39%MJ6E6=M$E1IZV?B7VV4<%X@./NWP^PX[HI7P)W?N_=.^2


M).
=+K*0.^HB4X
5O(.C1F:0DNE_!Q!JS/$67Q(OO&FM3Y BZUD#O\#^[H_:




_X SP;T35Z-4PH1?5 [&*CFK.N2O4\K[\(ZSOH76IQ 9P*](II
M4'#^RPK



DT)




$%     @
MAH:O3+1%8T6W 0  T@






M2_]BAD\PU7-/R53\%[B!1'C(!&




MAJ]


M6NU2VS@4?95
'F!C?5L



M+768^1XC3S$JZ6
6

HJ7_1ZN8H12HH_Y&&-T'_$)M4)Z
MN@88 OF




;;%V[$M+F.@2I0P3AH\'1I/
MAP;30?6WQYB3KHQ-FG]DD
.X'B.#&9F8D28]S4W4D[)I(DE&+09A/3X6\[&
]NHA!AWC$NEM=:3(7X[2EMM79D:A%!
M9:5W!/@9$31&4@U^ 01M(KPE [E!!)T5GK2W2.

M53U855*
%C[B;GQM?83ZK8]M)M6I)SFRC&'.JL1K3+O9E
']20*(TSGJ0#TS
MUD*2LK($
.%3FS*

621W!
ME&P!:K:F-1N:-8/@/ILF(HI0
DTC(D+IL8)4.2
H&3C\A6MX2!D2!^I.-
M59\P4P0%J(*&2P6F= E4NZ@'=!B ER1%$P-$:(&+H[$+&U&7:S(AA?$\#8
M#.
QDO$8B3R&3HR



M[B@%330QT7+'$)EHR8A*
FXCD=M$RQ1OIR
V8


O=4#5D#0
5D$8IQ#


] V2/DUO!$II





;&#@)6
[X(4

M:&5E='


M7MJ+J\K&O+1)=ZGKHOV^
96]KE*6OI_X7!Y/KC^1K9?GXFC^
N[O\TOKC[);


N;V9JJZB/Y.OZ=@J:WG'W'^_?OT7\=+MY?S&O1F:VMOI1[=UJE\S39

FZE\\[X2GV-GJV[XF^PNG;/U%

M&5ZO4_SW;K@#GSKPV YBZB!N'9C\:0
MB_XN8D_2C_ZN/SD

MY3B)@DD42*)P  T#Z(BQU$&5C


M:

83#ST1


2

$ZQ-QETKL22)/

47L50!U@MKM

PNY4C#L%EC%J4+$[!=P)(H3&[G2$NPUH%-XC
M*!)5]:I@4Y!S)W&.G6,3@UT4I4^XOSX*7:G(TAM0
I'A?

M[I*=O32NW[N\.WO;7-\
6^&/Y[5XVOJ+3_QA?A/Q@WA_U*,N_E_%NVQ;+KD
MU3IGZV'S]VM
[[^_)
?OI


M:&5E=#0Q+GAM;'V4P8[;(!&7\7RO0L&C)/(L=2DJEJIE59;M3V3A,368N,


AA


P.-[[G0KA$%N/7E#.=2[K ^_EK]H^^



MQZLVLIVR6)26O8QCT_EQ&%?R? J+!Z I 

M#X2+C&8P (KH
EQ0N(X#D2@0B0M BR*$3QBN  )Z*B$&9QF#P*DT=@U@%
MOBCS#N=% 8-CW4=TB*QA_@\@&@6B2R 2'


MO5=EUMSI@ZKLFZVNR\S8:;V+FD.MLHT/*HN(Q+&(RBROPL7
KSW6BYD^FB*O
MU&
=-


U;GIC0

HW9C\/91ALU#8[%N9)GS^K3A /

*_\\=_G?PO  T@602P(
M?P;0+H^!S OOF7FI7[

MQF 6G5RB#K-L

%*+
DHG%P76(T1E. 5*J^GAV)6)08]EB
MA
XKS!@(A/)^02I<<A-3$Q@#J2 ] ;M%%QL<\%E((.OQ 421/


D

MKYK@61O;NO@&8ZNU499F?&?W?6][SLND4%OCAHD=UVWCU4Z
/G1-973I;!=_
M 5!+ P04     &AJ]
T( KXT

O


#B=:)4]N0










HW%5?.ZA9/TU+5IF/QU


* !C+7Z@O3+(VEZ#TY

ME;&F[V

=YN0KQ9 #WJ[$Z2
%@ H=DA
MLC_U%R8O=:N\L]#F/+I34PJAP=0




MNH



A*FZ8^$623


VV




8


AB6GX9
M?C!][J1!)V7=X
-X&J4L.


M:&5E=#0W+GAM;(U6[8Z;

M??O:AJ

'[HAKVQ+^9T\;


MXK6F@UB
'5W*D;$W/?EZVKJ^5D0;6DJ=@JC'C3[3IM&9E([?4U)WYM2!R_%'

D0CZS)I?]4E66S=UG1
]DVLC7]CPA4X%1:XS5?^-WFBCX%J)XBA9
M(\RO4UZ%9.V414EIR?OXK#OS'





M:&5E='







MS?;*W!;Z7O1]7S]0O!MZVFALK)?_ %!+ P04     &AJ]

0KW;PJ\I1:!



K.7(MXF&;Y8HTFS'S5D
MJ5E_:;#QGR'$R'.('$&G3,@8;2]HHRB=':AN;GYZR\G)6'0\(KSJUH$]WE






M/]&.M/+-D;(&[EDIX!WC.#)C5U  %(@@97K;\J=&S+5@6]B+IJR99Y_-(T


MG


!3H0P^900C83H@X ^):1
M@ Q
98=DA%V8I  ]\(Z=OY/!M)H'3#Q+]4!$0F;P<N

MRL1*D^119!T1!RR&H75$;%@: ?CHA*1.UZECHY%;('
*9(ZR0Z/LS#K+$
9Y



_O#W

K+%]$=B
51




Z
MU-&!'YQ3QL9YD+\A[A/),$4W;I*!QAE@/#T8(- A(WQ*



^[)^Y^I0U#K:2&

MHWW
^*7]5L'-E
'H5XLI-O
Y/#+%MZ+^4^WU



Z! 
MQ&$.Z6!*P3O50T%PY(,#!V@S:/ L$(0I(,CA#LAR($C*WT9*'!1O%-N'*3&
M 6K@4&


X?TZ3F!VV'N1G+








$$?EQC9+C/6JD($P$FPY@[Q]$
U3I#

MNH7L!R4[*/

$%     @ AH:O3#S!?LP




F+=?YB


M+GAM;(55VXZ;


]EF4%(K?




T(IN]7H   &0  &0   'AL










M-V%)


_35N?)
MZS(O.L;O
CL=$[2
Q4O4ULG1U\F1%KR.A;!7IX8))5-*!DSL7DJ+
=!R#/0\



M*;^4M)


M7P5QWS4XF$-$D#9;5:W42M%6;:\=

_\W8

KI;HM0K*LH*'R@7?0ZB]G+AJJMDN2'8Z
DF-0SA
M((A10^O6+W+K.X@BYU?%ZA8.PI/7IJ'BUQX8[W=^Z-\=S_6E4L:!BKRC%_@*


G8


MW EX3







M2)





K9RAI:^!QFEJC+[.2[*GD@EI96-
M+*2A1FIJ#-+(:.DGVR?P--*$-K;2QA9:_?V;&H-V7I+%__.QKJVP:PMLK,&:
M&@-V7I)UDG@N]@$=MB-%79C@5UKL*;&@)V79+9





U^7Q<

\BLO:

MC;YV0_R[&^P0#@[AZ! D?W6(!H?H?QW0X( 


M6BAI&N=FEVT5=-0+0#8_ZC/H#(3. &@#9]MKTAG.(D@
:% 5&O_B E8]0
Y!
&PO


MTYW=_4TU*E
LQ]


M$]


MV.UC[H88OX^XAU2

MN1OB(H\00HWN0?TL$]\/S1* S*(B4=# _@(&0P#QM[ZPDP2)!+B3&1%60P
M)*ZY5]=#'(Y0Z!-J9/ 9 GJ4X
Y



M:W45K









MD?_
9?5OQXN'Q3Y\5Y9G7ZY^OXJ.+Q;?QXY.F.LCALXP_A6Q*+V_#D%HB&LR

MR(JXF($H-^QBT(L.@ W['0JZA887/2J++H$7*/8-'52-?1+B9SHPG=6)BG

MBCL\ACA^J[!'EV)I\IM\Q7_\!._ 1ZLT5*1'K)FCT DH_$7K-'0?1QPI[
M:$U?/$T(\Q/HS5CU&CN$):=9FYA*:9(%=[8S;RU

MB=[L !9B4XM1CZW


2L;ADE9H

PBP=2

E$. *Z





%(UW+&Z5W6IHH6-UD@KK)Q^KV
:0%
M(]6F&[&Z1:!N5
D'(E:W.$'=3ICXSG0_AK1@)#/=Q=G#/IMN]W!XD&H_N^V?
MM\/XS



195V7#-S)0Y[IF\M^25^(Z
M#^/P%G@NCR=M ]%BUK(C_\GUKW8CS2P:5/9ES1M5BB:0_# /G^+'=8PLP2%^

5WVDHP\[KP%:\JJV1\_.U%PR&G)8['-_4O

G#KQ.38B4JY



GJ+X


8U^9




M     &AJ]


MV82K


MS([]H'^E^0GQ0(A'PB+[DI 
A.1&2+\DI 


:&SAQ3]02P
$%     @ AH:O3'N2


MJXJ\+$'
Z)H7/\NC

M!.6Y
/&N$:5)P B101J?


#]


M+ K(]((P %E@8?@CL\084

M+2
;)FLW 1%:ZPA

M4H#6GK9


E5#?


?F7U]SL8G]*G%47&U_;P




MI3CKJFSXDXS4N:Z9_+WAE;BN8AB_+7PMCR=M%Y+ULF5'_HWK[^V3-+.D5]F7
M-6]4*9I(\L



6D
MA-QBMB'


T'I.'34C0A$Q
4I*.3#I

M!P0 $#;*@D;9_S_B8S8Q0G#&) ^:Y(%L9G9!$10H @+%J!S%M!P4H]ER0! ^

-HQ[B*8[+9O9:3!\C.'T'.-QT]EZT/!4

B_!   2!H  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S

X%(7_2I0?
.!WJ))(;5:C76E7JF:ULY]IXKQH

WY(8KJ





M=& !*7'Q2U3\?J(E+6K#E!I/ZI1G6L)%[]$LQN2:+K)Q82.$W^E+NGT)N4F
MM,Z2@;TPQ))0%Q@3$F&Y)F*@C4N


MHJVZO7;()* UF-I.V+Y];4


MR:J&ELHGWD.G_URX:*G20W%%LA= SS:H98A@G*6-IU?%G;N*,JWQ1K.C@*
M3][:EHJ_!V!\V/N!_YAX::ZU
A.H+'IZA9^@?O5'H4=H=CDW+72RX9TGX++W

M-

P!9*QE!-G
/U-%RT+P
MP1/CVO?4;'&P(WIM*C-IE\+^T\E+/7LODQ07Z&Z

SR@+A!D1
4N4#!

M+GAM;(54T6Z;





MO-K%]^
ZC&Q!P*#05H&:X0I;8

%6L#_5

M)!.S9)8&)SA=$NQ/M/ F6G@2D8GCQ7\=SU7(]&CF(CB)OT;1]'S0Z$YRD&?W
MOZN@$)=:VZ
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#8Y+GAM;&U3VT[C
M,!#]%<L?4*<NM*A*(E$0 HF5*M NSVXR:2Q\;;;L'_/V E107G)7'SFS
RQ


1)A1?;/\*X

/5H\L.(H6GX.5)ME^.+E:CV7S!7PLX%
!






FK4=G12 ^=4_CX$^
A

M5? DV

J4F&SHV(
M57:9!(_$7?:_\&F

\8Q?9




FGN4)
ML$*M+-4.6+@*D-6#P@%+ @C_HSIVJHX=JA-+=;S


P].C$FJ5
(G

23  :5M3^^/W/+J!!M







:K;$T4:)M]Z #N
@6R


[2[S
ECND
Y_;

2^'



TM2^8]R8
MP/-D8N$_4-INNP?20E%YT3_.D^3\I[&G^&']!^[[ -0U76WX?ELAO)G71Y

P5E<



<(,,SXL=+ R$IP3QE6#_,3&(,'_)%EL@\5<+/NGR+B2R$[[I)S+[$
V
A;8J%=A.#VVE&G-=P8WC<CU!#G'R]T&'GX'C)]
M,%]&$F7@OH,L4W++_6.-Z+AS]FIT'=R=SKHX.NP-&M^6Y[C1[R9CY/QFR?Q

MZ/SW0&!XYAK1NI)$ZX*)5N\K%?6JE

M.\+E :U\\*5N)PLZ5LM/





MQ+I
T01@FB+*8F3 


M1C@A$;=

!FN\2TE;./KZY8D.]Q%
3#+4?SIF
MLNX)F14I
OR\OLS50
M]3W[<I4\2(*V9J=AKX%-X_E[!$:SC-;BV*5K+S/9E:2L6(O9!;5*OLA(]UB






K.-X9&D^Z8

M85 )3U7V9

MDXF[;N\+T+CQ[46.EDD\M1QS4!)ARGY!&H-@W*%E17(!
GE5HD8-ZWW'2MP6


NCJ
M[DAR5NWO$R K\W*[$#IX+R Q+DD6W(1^=#NLPWK+W CG(HEUCE\W3)9Q#6



MG43%

Q!V\VN8(7@5@J(5F
/0 XD


P N^7KT R  /!998A:6A:'E^\FNBJS\69O%;3I+0*T@I*GU
M3#YY90H,D$\ZX1PK^!+C&M//06[,@%7K8,@+(,$\2!,B*L3?+AXZD#+A8UZ
M

S+6A+IRNA

1#P3


G/9-624@:Z$Q$ WL9.HH

0&V1W:;YJX@+;GCHY45

+%AFBU11#*(?EMRV@KR#)$XO
%@5^#7
_FR-
M?;]KH

].M$B'V\3]= 50N!
MF@#2NT+
*GOG'.2;K3SE2@X)&2N$%.(P^Q@97)J2-0L.EQU(V521-D*:W

MU2@)\(7M1Q21:DFDJ!)M2

M;LF6$5HE4 E]5A@.6(F+:WQ7#]=$@V?E6R0[&9\^5+Q+VE=)Q7 AZ5S;N H]




M

J5T1U.6XP18:Z9K-?(E)E? N16N*$+1'(VDA!:

M;07N5#LV\+VCZ]C7K$V8XF;P(,SF+T@Q0+[HHTK7R1R8S.-VE;L$QD[3!1



T]B-V -#
$J_3FP#%N!'76=B52.]DB@18OC9;*




N\N

&D

RLNJ]WO:(S37S6J&


@B*;.DMKU:




M;-ZG
Y/IO_T]JM$VJ

J%(P


MY4$WQ:ACS$T51H%JQ:=-5KNM2)O6UE7%OL][D%'J^2[H_Z$XGP/(MEFI^.:5


M
GT

M)Z!

MN([&K&6#VKJ0V\?H<.[2J57&GDX@084@1L+G(C
M^ RLVW4L%UD0%EZZIYBB]1QZLSPXR2%NA^5XD17:TRJD9I'G[Z&J?^<W.%$
M0 :(?4^$F%SM*(/=0-&)4U5QXHDXE?4FX,3+MW[?) S/!=8
H^?9Y&2&*F





M+0=PV07JAI]]0-8I 





P#)

M66:S!X[LW4KA5 JKL24]Y.XT$ABDSNOL




B^0E'EO/5Y/?:Y%%*4J#
C)WTWT+


MJU\




V]35?FH3[?OTEO0L0._3B
&Q+M[
MCK?/UTH5-D=L-U7L^AC@K&060(TFYWL*LM96=S@7KF_Y(;%F




&?AN^42F6;%F9JHGC2<=7U5O4X0:5KD
MNU[Q4@[3D$UC\*0:&#/:F1)JFH=$N7J91BD)V/]'FQNSYR^ DT_





M*D'&M% 5JIS.]23%C'3/OU/
42Z2JGB7-EO&ZA+#?NO@I5JA:F7U4#H:B0;S

2P]';S&%&%'P










M*E*:


MN*
J@4J%6



M46'.4SS%L$
F5D_L#*U^=N1;X310^X4&1=2+N'@]FM/0Y14[($5&L
YI;(M3.$&.
MC3
-L*/(@V_@(9P2%T\)R# @2**74D9O*Q.=@YGVB



F?6UJ=43(QQS47J)

MB0-&

WJC*NBZ:]I<BMYLNU$/%8
M_1,F]'(PWH*&)ML.S*XCJ[YJU);5N@6]P'1T&U/;O$I'#!YFKT8R!F0+W4_
M$#N-@:LMH4E#


MA/[*]Z@ZI^IJ(M0BVXE''
S;



/C:NF%'/U45X_'(U4;


M&(0#(-

./
8K#EOFHIE=.^*43?NV$7SSA5T_X


'JHF1





QPQ2D$





B3O
I6
5Q4
MYZI$6J_C_0^_GX;1]%MQ\\/U:\K+V*VY
@+:K[%R$)7'







M''K3O8)+;T05RB1X:[7OH/@(F&6W3ZKD*2-K5-RHE!\X$)_3)+@ L
PPEWFP
M)Z%*T$#Q6BA&[([A]!)EL;IL30$IO=EISH(%Y\
/HEV@U&K#% DHA^?1G#

M:P1S7^1KSR6!$BVH]C;IPGA/IJ@OH!T#B5#=WJ!53VZ&'S8JXU
H$5;WIZ&0


M1PZ)GB\;ZS=$


-Q#+@O[UZ]9



MK/YX




MP/_:=P&/.L6M5W1!\/

M+L=KK@Q7E25'HMNY^O8S%_YU+XQU?XVK'-TO= /BB)VY4==EMK?F
W?A

M'9KU-14#D'K\Y]
J]U_PHM'6[/ONF!QUM^.H


O[[W





% M'HN QYN4


_WGKT6[_U:/15
$'GBWPN/ =+PR
MX=_MRH0OFX%Q23: DA +

M.Z3:





&[@ LV\6=:E.[7;#UP:R=5.7MI?F
M%&:+:?\FJ+#[ 0ATQ(S*3&W$'\2&#%BJ#KW  #
QPE]G
V0HTKG6TP3::]

MV P&*V?\F@.





[(0T0Q'MKR$57/VE2[







 1.C*^%UY6[?

@D['YI





H!=\P19!
W


MKA]?SW&H4U



S]C^QS3ZKP:*BCQ5K5-)

MF%J=#W4E+9

M?4 =UJ-[ZT_8,8).$BL!!9'L8'L['&Z


7-GJI]IFX3)@N87=6I

5H88H5OGGAM'(JB00.FVT62!

*2W^B!G6R=
M/X5 :Z^VI2;






M@[SVQZZRI;]ZR58!(ORA9V[M60L'('
$

(1FF6QDS43(TU?(\+A]9WULQY857'<RS#/9



M).:?G







M(452D7MWZ_?M\HY92)%4Y!+;OW.8\TQ\U'MA!:AIW#;:$Y9J%YM- T-NZO

M U!+ P04     &AJ]






$%     @ AH:O3&W:TR ( @  Q2D
M !

P% ;@5ZFR18WK:QE$V0!;


^(HU;IZ;Z1\-SZ^/]L
\N;*?O^U[X1S&R

MHZC*45CE**YR%%@YBJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT21

MAH:O3-R@1-3N    *P(  !$              ( !F0$  &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

M ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE


VHFHE9!0  HAD  !@



M+W-H965T

$  !*%@  &


M:&5E='

8& 8  +LA   8


4     &AJ]
:PQH

M=#$P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (:&KTPL/NMP$  -(#   9



4     &AJ]

M            @ &2

M Q0    ( (:&KTR.7EMZN $  -(#   9                8 S  !X;]W


MT@



4     &AJ]



C

M3)D0:PBS 0  T@

O

4     &AJ]
]+U%2K(!  #2 P  &0

M   ( (:&KTS&C]NMH0(  !0+   9                9Q*  !X;]W;W)K


4     &AJ]


 2!

M

M ( !.E


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     &
MAJ]

4     &AJ]
3:@1
;8!  #2

T+GAM


M;Q:X 0  T@











M  @ AH:O3
#\_VM 0   0  !D              ( !

M:&5E='





M.YX;6Q02P$% 
4     &AJ]

4
M     &AJ]


I0(  +0*


M4$L! A0#%     @ AH:O3#S!?LP  P  = L  !D              ( !Q9


4     &AJ]

&UL4$L! A0#%     @
MAH:O3(AISAT8 @  !@8  !D              ( !9D  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='


M Q0    ( (:&KTP=1\UEB@(  
8(   9                ?6=  !X;]W



YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     &AJ]






B_!   2!H  !D              ( !_[8  'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970V-BYX;6Q02P$% 
4     &AJ]

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (:&KTS0$EM90(  (P%   9              

4     &AJ]

?:\)/(!   K!0  &0

M   ( (:&KTQ@T+K:30(  
0&   9                6?$  !X;]W;W)K



M%     @ AH:O3
68@U5/ @  O L   T              ( !!08! 'AL+W-T






1
?7?_*]$T1^R&?)&_)I09WCN^#^G?X1WFSTZG:CWFHDKT6< RF*WM._
M+GG1I6SY._ #/M[./TX?G?'RY_$7?*&;?X'Y]U2$RU]1O^%+K;F71-!N-GJK


GF.#$?;O9[

M^8LAQ-^6 *EXFI1T0
)7CPY3O%S[E'PRDO&!I^63)VJ':




]_]##R[R4SMHX]U]8V:JFC



M^=FOHJ''G'

TNA]7T] HGXL=UM=P;M?CL+0V::



I^_-3

M (%.F'OAGY(IXF7V91G8),2_XZZUQ2T,O'9GP1?6H3$)9_X0:B./S9'Y':





MS0LPS5#L
QU1


W1QR

MAAJU.Q@
CC[^IQ?^YK)[2X0SC\)K3$P]
GMO
=\#_?J;-8(QZR
R81Y\&;()



MPB(P_RCR700KF
B7;JZN@E&&6!PR$X99-AQ 7-XX$PXKL(]F2ZY%T ''YG




\


M/0.F&E'DXW^.&?!A(2K938*.#?


*;^DF59%






BQ^N0_M9!YK4BR9G(\X4O(K3$Z(GO

Z(9\8!&W'Y QJ.C\&41Z$272;
+

A


/E/2\+Z@&2'J/W5$./8?S

M(/(P)F
)8#P&*T3\T 
RR*PL#'R/K%$41C!'X.@KW3HPH/%V&3S*DP@^#)\#
M#A[

ME0 S/]F&D#Q-F&:KD##=KIWD^*V$Y#+P[R[9/?58C3?_5L0N!A;GK\LVEJ



@SL.R83'E5[ 3*=S'GL9WCSVYQ!FHL198



M^I5J4BQ[#2NMJ!N=&H%9]9(VN\7J+#8NEJ.Z1)2J+L#MYAY]9R3DGJCMZM#
MDE!F@PT##HLH:XDXU/.FQ%4EXO1G,25._%E/KV(_=:X.X!KVSYC^(K_*-9[
\#<\/Q




!PZ\W8



V^BW#OH9]7RW[#AJOGWU-K&Y7EI[
R5-7ZXAG73*'^F#U


NZ&=/.R)=E\N7UBY=J
DX58#ATYNT;T\YP[ZOEWL$!
$B<*Z6_^B7I.RNKF6?*/DFS3ORZIEFWM\V\
MMXG?=*;K6Y[8+/P;G?A-+[R)L923VSZOH4U8Q=CV)LO=,.\A,6_3,*]A7L.\
M)JCRQFPY<W1F)(VQ\?;/.%6 X=9]P#.'JK).%6 P3!OY9G7Q.MV?Y
1;REZ
M.K]]V:W&KP$/Q];)A&+K#M^$]HSP64?X_-?K%S[59)PJP'#HS-NP#T!W5I-U





^_#4
MM-J-9G_ULFP

MG_CNQ61*&




MIT-XWL6J0-07
H?TA'


M%I^N7


M;0FP9=&V+&!%X;47 J:#R2E\(.C_? [AFGN&[RGZM5X G^_^?Q'
.YK) +N#

\AIW.1LGXB'PL0BX4+4

!@NEK/%1I&P3L'6NP.5%P;[X^?30(2Z
M& +^WP*U?&P8VC#T!BPT1Z.]L'$58/A











%& R+&!@
B[SF


M&.:




MPA*1
P: +811(/=C%!+)XB0& VQ.9'B/RMW










.#[[5X) '=2@+L2X






M2*-7PL43

6\S=Z@UAW






MDY@^PE:V.UD45L+Q
42\VXP87J%\[T:;9\ &D.

MI!N6K6@4QF :S5YST.T




I=IC1

K!P_8Y4E$0\%<)KLSU-8<




Q#Z*[
:PW7V4C*-
$S9CG:?H':E$_
MWE*E7*
.'X+\W=([3K6=%:I- -O!2SIY)HTLD1  _]R^4NP.BML+@ :2I_'!
M;*]?'*9P7\YM9+V)
!*D]PEV)18Y/:2HRWQ6R](2%HDY8Z2GW

MJ_@HV-*8B@S'=EH4=[T)B7 W[5SEJ

M@+*WYIW]7X]SB_Q]*NO-373O+[UY0.*'P

6A
MC$[SLS4;\I+@/*\9RK'_VWF+3[) (CEEB8F$HSB.JH1T;+0H4RW5$
7&5^ [


M?\ZL*[#]QOFWCG.O74@[S-==MZ4N4[M8DD2P=!?G5#:Q'/B;P?8C#O;&G*E7



N


M X\_1;_8W0I*


(Q0=V9A


+!9X_EY





V^BW#OH9]7RW[#AJOGWU-K&Y7
?WRI)J
4P48#IUYNSW#O89[7RWW'H G;:)V



'[ZEMQJ_





$[6&-_9E\4N_NJM[;A0-D]QA

MJA
A(J0P591 0C ??F1N1+Q%2CXPSTNHYTM:AY1/F^;L_O19 B4T;SE)'D

EFZM];V!J?O
#Y

@&.2M0BS2
!6HD:;##0?N, -''<A3$:N8RPAEBN-[PUB_$.L78%'&#

MX

M +I17P!+60@I[N$IIQ

BH\J(=OF2#7E@1LYH3A.Q$OB8.F7
M)



I_5LK2$16+.&.DI-S-Q
M_H@8+TMXKN*C8$
KBJ'
=


8UT_'A3

?<0I #GP0-&T3.+O^0U): D*DHP+;5!
M%&%8KKZW?@CM\A#])1P(4:8M;5=$%!(@AO'8+D!.?7Y !X#:/9VZ8C 5T\

MCJ
8B*2X24@!
NIX4I@#CS]%O]C=DHQHMYNY 6X;13!6@A86#%2]D+_1
=


M/--EPM-YLG)Z3_V(JJR?5(\ G[%[/$#EP:2

AODEX(V.01X.OJ?/5J0+D+F@$*=5L3G5\IX@HT3LMS]QE$\

HHY/TBRMF.2)EDIE[%



MA I

MZONY








A\Z\C0








2ZD.I AYX'E(%H;'+B!%
M40;=_//Z\MBZX@SI'E0*_/]


M*(&JYW3()5E7J*1=7%


)L4ZRG6B==U2$&.RM)EUL
8Y$;2'S06
M@K
%



C_=@ZNE'$9M,6F98(DQI:&%]KF:LQ^

5W[)FE/!:3M_#:@#I0=C _S&\%PL:$'WX*,&D8@=;3B


M/W6.\Z8/; 4/;5P2EJI


MJ5E3#L*# YCID035YP?*AYW!([3NTI&49GH
![8IP$[R\GL(!A.]CU^'QU 4
M2LE%E7\$(I\G 1\]%&?B1P8*\&])!-B@V.?)XJL3#$$=*0R'RL'2(1@MO'/@

M^7@X) .=



M??V[ !%3]!K.-//@5QES[0'OC$HY%8^8R.)2\PP^JV46_\

M Z:O?Z=LJR5

HH







MERE)F60EE$' U9%#M2H6TMH(AB+P*


M!H+


-W3#T9J4Y&D#8XN#?*[(;-##X0C* @


4( ?6Y_I%+YD*G(A3;
).*X@S-47



M%R+I


/

MZF9$;&+6R&20A+!



Z=N%4'

+48ENTGTO1\5(0A@-KG[,MP^Q4P(7YX/X)Y7.6UYCV@/,9[$T-9Q
MQ!_48^, SYQ&V?VN;CYQ.D%3N%W*



**(A6/T@7QR/
!0O






V
M:-FU3G
PGSBP:%G.)0Q



M+\R@;L65N[28E+1?YLI \

M6$$:3'8ZV R9'X2V2Y11&X*.E7@+4ZIM

FN0:?BZO18:A OX##(KL
M/I?N



Y]:

M)

T4B T271=-PS H_Z;1F#^SE313]R[



M(







AY75G[7.DM@B1XIQ!^\]S_7 _XN[ICD/2_
M
7YO3J)



SKW:\:
M.<@V!B)[E3;-9E=QYV/K1'4R4(F)\;%S_NP84YL2VA@A\4PA\8_(\]-K#[I<
MY*E6MJ?9WH%&?N0.=%2DK3;=#XHE32C6Y6RF[\()ZBJX




I+K]NJV8-\S#E.@U'ENY?M



C5C=


IW6
E^7J0(&CMX!!27S






M
+F+1S)$5/F!)UE=:P#Z]F'8CL9_0?9D$!=.2PKX/53J].I=7NEYW?^U.P-
M:MU!?R]YQ\U&I]9JY/..D_()3&#!7).9#**2\DH7BT1XBHALK-'*%05!%&V



L*Q5T!\W %_G($C@]Y
M ?-1VESG'%41(^G.&S=!G 0N]:3E/L'+4JDNRU1GBDOB!;I9^!NDI6XAJKK7



+K%
8VETEJ5KJDOS*GTQI^4D



!E!.DVZ]I470NG;^/!/W
M/NSXV#V7;H\


M.]\[(KNB3




9%9N?7-




MKI])50]24DW4O


3 '%OM.8]^6;[[7]]%HGY'R/3])VW!?J;X4RR
M[8GOI@GT5UHEWL(
GT 0_OCX;__'LOX:OXXU^N%Y_

O?M(KA[C4ZOU6OL ^[^&G WNEM]YJ#?GL'<%_)X



MUK^F948T(YH1S8AFQ.V/6(+[L*'O)]^3G;LRVJO(#7F+Y^+9N*&\SN[B 2FF

H'GQC(4Y
G6
M;
J=GKN0GX\L:]];!JSA=2;KP&-*Q3003!=U R15?$A&GM3U.I6PCWC6=#V4



8:MX
ELM?WTWBXLHGNH?S_I1^2]@44' KLFWD33J2=#





%?
3.P&RE__AJ)GP5K:H/58:HOSES%5$
IV&X6;#S0? S:U^J]:W.Z^?F[=B
MWG4ZTK)[T^8=F/)4A#7LBF9,NV?!</!2PV[6NOG:Z]39E23?:H P\&S<'-0


MF.Y;


-G#36 =


MQXUF9JW6 &Y+Z'3KC6[FSY7H%#!;E= 9U!N=S)\KT6E5'IU&LV[W
W^N1*==

MTK9R]NRET

X-8A7[L8






@'OA&X)!
6
MAHA)8$W(#R6'XKQ38453_ &D:1@A*IFNJ.E2X&NX&!


MG\RJ-5&D0-]B/.:WE,?B#4!BC!U G\_.U*!V ))N#(:@=IJ4GZA?C1B#BA

ZXHQR_('6VL


M;DK2WJ&0M%]
4KO[3)**P&.N?/(*_G)FSSCE4@=Q@W[/A O
B&9$
Z(9\8!&



MSA &_%:]YZCG]



FN#A0(^C3%

8]
9L$#X'\


\.B





=:0:)JS693=E#659M.(3

/*Q.IDJ1-5F6*Y \
M*ME-8 %D
[6.K

M(&K#4E5M%=A'(;HA/IBJ5C: ;&D_2=



YQ[3L7PA

M&;#]8T=]M?(N8 


HVA%6<SN/H:5!D


M^:
M_%V!K*_)#)F&I:PS'YLQL3-FUVQ8/YU92^J;K*C \'CYS.WSM1-!N%T;
3



/H0I@_)

M7LHT#=T\&7?(C)UO/K2T*U%R+0%IJXPHL9L$@Y]3;B97K\MF(QM-J^5./I
M_62&G:\3K(G]*_6FD]UB14 _VQ63L 2\?L^Y#3D'YF6;N6!Z4UC/:&Z&^O:\








-].\)KM)




Z_V\9;[2NOQK.Q?-6Y4FDP/A[O[F
M_?\1WM]\^?;QZ]W5_?7-5WK3_-UK[R1_'0B??F^G]ZA6[3U*&V*/0W](HOS^
MXB?LMQX(#JR1(4V6Y7V2VZ!.JM[XC!FR9(9M48$.[XG0^^6%-^U0LVC?[JY2
MAH0L'AC^_&/6B_P$




KB4Q+_2



++:;_GJO:@JI;O\[C:


M?

<.7ED1;;4WN=J^H:<+-' $]P/!//.^KT]7%;E=$/=K


X7:#A
MW


<.7^E2.B/G+_]'=[O^MDS$NL:[M?<J\ Z\O 
O[\#+._#R

P&#R1
M&


/90]B215-3.(0YA/L*844U

N
M&U



GG^?C#M/+%
M


MJ&WE6_[[G_](X\&CXTQ_^N#%KA_&:41N1N_#R90$
TM\!SR<]V&<Q'=C
M)R+OG)@

M\BWRPDB88O]VJD7BN1K!:$


=V(V



M^F%(NPJ&7\/ W5F$
&M


TF&GJ=T3Z8]MALNVID2^G')'H

M)^
C\A'YB'Q$/N()1JR


MX%]



MB89!6;6\I=


M8K 1H2UPW@2CLL+F?./

M2K)C9P*;
_J!#%.76O


M9N[EC?N:KDNBD1/)WN%)#6WZT01!U]3\H^#Q.B$3W.^[R_776UEU!L-[6\UF
M5&YR%QD;UI:I;.0?LG:@U


MN %C47A





-ZF]!X89







M^ +?XZR/$HT))#1Z=?48$=HHK0&J#;V?
[R;&)A -\QC*NKXRG7324IOBKR:
M@

M)$DRS)9P6_K1QQ=
)I.K44*BWXD3?8(?[#)9]IKPGBW9MFEOQ]H&TO;A\2NP
M=/]

78\.6QY#W6[3?;(Y;\XOTR
!?F59:7]^UVZW




VMO=3%YWYW@^


M:+ [0$
7Y

-3#3?8Q1:(GJ 3AO0(
MSI:[G

K$1ON;8



$=POQ%\[N&4LT$P


JMB*:



YAGN+8=##
)RG_]Y,)]'3!1K.'<&R;8J&I7 $<P3W
M%,%<!Y\[@L\])G(V.IB7BQPO)C*OC?_B!.G(<9,T*E7'#W[EP9$NT?#Z=LG=
MY9@'1SJRV#KD4G2!!NZ8]\2MZ21ZND##N2/X;!SS3J*GS2<.X*Y#CYW!//@
M2$\0S M&6@B.W$?.D


M1=DT1
O2^[]WXV!^[6!615FR1$
U.9@YF/L.9M#

M5%'2SRA$G/_#@?W]XKOR[IX5B_C[$JU_7R)Q02$E
*/O)_RSA) _TSCQ1K-U


MPBCQ_N
X*91! ]-(R^,\-&V$7VYHB9?L6*Y=J0_R?R








M=V$^J[0C[X\!J'L8(2C_&E1-2VN!


WX=3 _\0*Z\:A6Z::V_\&)N/@N[)?PJ:B!031H&&+RR@1U S

M2TN8T:_%35+;A^_H;Y:*5))P^O/F4I!-3.7Q(!J!^VDQ$;3L@S$9U3H0?&A)
M




MRQ6+3N'ZH#%7F5QE=I5!JD]&^2VR!+VW%-DXK ?C\+JHP=#+.X/MVTCZ)P





M@K^:[R8O'DW
U]@5Q#NM*L1
=DQ&J9\5@HJ88

A



M97#O(E

MR3^P9&4@J0-)QC^M@:0






U!IX6LJ'%&'$Y

N8C9[(4#OD]_'^HBPF_]CWA_[_I5!#.EZ V_
'CQ5I9L6U6L588IX8UX,EOF26V!IUWGJ90 :L1



W0AOT7AR$O6Y@7A
M3WV@RFLH
PVFS5)D\++-\C0LWMJ





S)Z[=UY(_
4+PLA+9M2FDSBA:97R*!_! TAF7T@R
M#N&;)W@DR\]M
8]_W!7E4(4_D6\75O:8&ST(@[UO4
!;DJRRX-J30I_%7]G'
M;3$!3-SJ&(ZT)#X!#2?@EI[GR3_:/ $RTV(



%1X
Y^$Y4E8*T]F;E?5



J*P='
T7P.:%8D
MT9+E_J.YIX&4[KMYM'*#.WD[T7#N^D






MNP




OSRP=SRT@I0HF#!B3!X&

MCZ.V
'V7O:F&YZCEJ

MUZ(=QQ7[;7#W[$6^X(=Q++A.%


W+P\F#;0?RTC]5K'N@K_N=%D63U9^SB



-FJQH


.])P[CK$
D1;







\*ME


MRA(K

O8@6E.?;_^3

Y_A ZR73AB

7E?Q?V:K&P2L^WXC\FSV&%H9A












M 5;K!.D*RZ6?_&FR[*W \\XN&F(EZ4:+^4E5C;_M6$#.A5QKLC9\%9A3J?
MZI5D/GE4&&


84C:V8373N-
MB

Y/45$Z%6J+\@L!9G%(\K^]8 T7I910


MC)+2;S_ECV.X)O?$X.VK5174HS[-'E^O)H'R=%I6'A(-:7J/5=U1#L%D :I*
MF*T2SB@)+(MJG(+EU[?
;CSA5E$'<E%!$C

WSA(5L8/W3

6&E.:K#ZM?!S0.%F4;




MO H

:9A JJ1



M3S\
MXI:
*4
M;4W7+?M89*[B9V9%GO6#5F3Y

MA6]3)9/M% ;OH$'$I\,Q2(XZCW!AOD29C1OP(T%*5EE;H\H&5($A)AJ0;F





7RM;^I09R%.6B5TNZ#^.?U=



R
D&;N0!4]D? A/YEP'5SE!Q2_.;


M1Y69-E]5S+6T+U&R-^'-8*
J3-C8AFRW27A#N# 5_D!7955=ZR
T)'VS$[:+



_4#1-
M7@OUS?0/R0A//Y#/WA






M-[L\7;&7%.(^5#4
Z4HZQYM,LM%JB^_Q
X)7YI76FA)]DXM_N3M76;DO=YK+$



R3G%HL/=3
M1,W4^J(Y^F9Y.)I;1;-MZJ)IGE$T-/\'5C,NOMO0K(5=S\RH?[R97A(89<S
M
Z:B

M8M#$-?2P:]9KJ=A*AKS1)P&2PA64
J]FY3KO(VY7Q$/B(?D8]X1B-61NA2


7W


M_?M2N\UNE]D!0)4465'J]N'-J/U7T90[3[/NU&
#MGQ
(3A/;N:Q9^[9=$GXMO3NQM(J.


M+[E;.(@6T]-6;$VV5-TX +EYX[N=Y
E.\8#J



73T@3PLS'EYB
W86X'M\(#F\4E\0A]SFA.T4K++8/I2NV
M6LYVE]_%IF)W#03$

5)




M*6)/.1^3))A?)D-

M543W^P*F2

MNT@_T_MFBZLPIG[:AHS6D54J6K@4YL%LF/&'8A- T^T@OL_7[VYNVR)9N53T




X*UNDLIB$ :&HO_OW






PXTNWD_@:TP\?/J



M&]=X$7[(4D=;@I#WSWFE_7

M ^





BZ35GX7W


+:-+$.5=.%%^7PN3GHP89@=
M.78+2Y 4/UDT[<\ZP7M!<0T +9LCI3;PV:EC\D1\?JYTRZ!3WF1_DK7SS&4N
M%&V3X-]_I5XT7ZGTY'(^:SPB]7HB4DI/SUUT,(E\XC4.4:DC#./2.FF(DK2


M:*='.[GX])85C
'%&!(=14[@CCT




M
(35 \AV5U90W%)I'*6!L/B$WH3\0B;_F%DE;SZ7,1UD.FX^?JJ7F\\=N8)
M02HOFEK +&+^P!\#LKK%J]
3JCV @LFA*Z;3KU

7
M51SZ0[PM.H$?QB








B%#STF(\.2Y7I#W
\LM:M9&$?GU@SR(R(.(/(C(@X@\

XPZ;^CM(IPT1



S*

1-7<<




M@5[B-@54OW@3X
9O TY_TU?+[5%0D?



@:0.)+DTC^OF





+M5<+S(8B<T\1B09R'Q.-*CGK[##T?D8_(1^0C\A$/

;
\87K( 9G
^N%


MAU:ON6



M)Y*=1 7X@FCI$55O1$^V3FC9X=(\B
+SV'/'&1V/)1X_O8C3]._02[[!
G


M@PB]V 71T*YA#P2L5M!2MZ\O3@23+V/MER)5K!-.79P^Q%F5*A:GPE 3+*_T

-I@9_7
O%T78V=)UI06IUT







4S!EN'B




%HK
M\V175SLB60;A+FY;5Q\G?9NRCM1QK'Z_(M6X1ADXTK$:R<)O0E_C5N5O;






DLCP0A6F+')Y3_

MB?.96FQ2LT(.[#I#]3$
Y QI(TZ:#H!9+X;
X)#W

M8L$I%KO/X_$YK

!2@O@HII\:D?%FX$



M6?-_?/!H$QA
BJS;X:LF+HD]4%\AUMM-[A!8*XTA75BOI\K;0.S
MNQVE[NKJ&%VS:)@MJK )7&L-0&[N*M@^!F+^+-G
+2&G:/RW02KK^6Z$]TV

TG)/+O!]





NTMBU3-=E.6]=(-OU$1(^VB4@)





\Y?:S:SP&.

MW;0^ T:HK95FUAE:K0M%ZGF'4LY#)M?(:IW4Z7K+A4D3)=+0RL-JP?/T1!NM



!R_TMA;(M+VVK&ATVA/8D(6K


UMGP%
:F-S^ES1PIMO)N@2

MSK/\NZC&PJ+B/
]Z]24NTCIU:WI[)JK=-6R-\/%7X+;=
IQ:\HUY8;M1)/





=(OR[2]MJSHHB[8OC(]


[SQZI'[;/WWA$[:-[SQ#
9[]84L*I.V\HYA**=)[GO]BNF/7DNT#TRI;J_+;4K=SY]UNK=IK

M5VRFXQ%*M]B*S^*0Q;?N!XYS/&=!8W&A.\29_E/\8O2#X7



MMLWGM 8@3





@F _YM@/



M[5#DJ3/S_:H&-3+(H#VYEJLTN2JO]%0;S+(H/MX)+Z(P '0R@1*%:78@]Y

L.
Y



8%U./8RS1TO9R6[;C40?+UZ7KMK2]0I?-OT&H?'TZ







M.OV]Q'+VR2)UR:7M.HO:#O%WM9Y5K]!3:[FGI8Y
2?7@S_YO?.2U?:#:$Q !
MU9Z@VA.
M) 1(!AF. &*H]@3K0*CV! 8$JCU)B(\

FB/
%1[@E4@5'LL[&:V8!J3TN

MGT4RSR6RL_UU*1(4-F57FG1YHU3_D\3IV(GOW^W_UQV

MFOZ&XM['!5^%GF?YQZRZ*?FWSL)09&LLELMYUY:%WO'\]J3^_%-GMG9+JQ2;
MR.M

G^*



U?8?C;RK]^N/SV-
M





NAL-BHA/D.]:
MZML


1$#NR' 
'*$NQ3#U$/
M(D! L*H$NS;WV6Q8=P#!JA)LN1AY/A 
!*M*

M.#38


M!)B \B: Q(HS!Y0W 2:@O

L



A:GU38(\$Q++ 
&J




7\E8XF?[['V^JHG

TC(/D(NV*3BKC++WF


-+


JRNL^(^

A<4HG*<8BKL'S:F3OP\=-LMLS72$EE5G==G$^:
:SANM^+%^'<3Q:-:RT718VFCZC!+$A9R?SY.
MXI)W5U#P*_



05$JV,FQXH@Y^<KYAWPDA;O)V]3.B/RY)S
MS26\O;Q%7=[3 RP(A#X-NH9\/M495'R*PF53_&-)F)U1RL.SA]7SFUY)SK!








MG%U=?;J^


W/O
MZ2X2D8+I$3
:(7%:AT2B?:O)6\IYFY[_5I_9%LR-'^JAOY&?X?JFUS9].WRL


UK]5LM;-F.M\_^NTC7M.K\8D66Q%&]T7M1LEY1C]EO?*U:;^5=
ML=MZ =N

:KZ#V


NT;**P4=M$




E2A5 '56)D+4A'9,OM-/J*ZLLATH1&1
M5;,I_#!5PJ!.TE^[ '^+_)MEG2M;8*N%#&1EC

M]/
X%

M*%G!7FJ0N


M_*RT7N


M48Q=\]IVU'46AA/_H-;:N![?\V^?&N\9)Z3NV+J$U&46_AP87T1A*[%2^'7
MA9F8WXWS(*P-UY-^'V%1C/R&W2NIO(OS:*:'_M,4YA;JVE-N?&RAV8I5,]7R
MHK@;T]*%&H;]L
HBSL?*#_2B

MBX+)@!L[U*?&^71IRM&:7 Q%5J_\^:=#$WPLP[%U-


WIAV/W4KES&;*\=DE$

OJX=8/XFBVE0N\
L[5#A






M?VS[U[W




PK%AD7



 B=S1H6/_'#SWK7CN





MML#VL9SB@




;C^VH VY3A]!6W
V2
M::#*((/NQH*:XG$Z54R%:O3(((/V!#MBJ0&!8D!8681?$^2Y'J)8F74'1-EV
MZ+.!J[: /'AF7#PYX&!$?66LA6KS#=\U]/7OF4CVP,/#FA6G^;7U'(PLJL



<%E:41E :YJEKOS+ZHH16FE8]H[SC.K^]
SZRD/5N


M\L4A$YOZR

M9@5

3(!ED. *(



MTX:


AV))Y'K7)C8D%JT- 6%V$/0]A3-5'&!:%.YH/

6RP25R0Z4-^VR(F/##+HCK X

5F!0YC_'YB'/@0 J$*PNP2Y?
M
&IVV!86C-L




MU&R26-MUHIT?63]G83P





G$8I& $8UI2U_WS6E





M7&TKKMJWDE
KAD8

MR+@H*FZ$09X/NEG^$.21D;
PNTWY-2/PU

MV)
Y]L2BX

!MLIA:SJG!+ %;!7#]K6K\B/-ZU5K6KW04EO)IO.JK'+V)4[C



=R?6Q:
MZO8Q1#E6*@JL;D=#D&-AUSH./GC?0H@#0AP0XH 0AW(A#I-LQWAB..(GGJ


?X/#]6WG]2_X1=+;F'_U



$
M*U+2(X


XLR)7[$2VLPE:1TQ4.+
B







J
MG%_+0KZM@2\!QU2V&59I#J6
YQ#R8U#R[#'DK K1DZ.K\7[F!&D5X(,@TTB
M3T$&&73WN%UD.2ZR=?!6I.1'!AET9Y@BRW(0A=RQP+R#'
[;/L(6Q#YT)=A
MW2
?%&&

\O  
HR]T8/+((


[
M2EOB^$ K2#3:(#(S+(H/O!*X*P[R.3:I %14I^9)!!=X:IXR(
Z2R!8&4)
M!BNL/\/:'W_5Q0K#/O ^0B/3&\$0%Y%*AN-;(



I:1'!AET)QALL.X$0W!$$8+AP
1 Q_M'/3IQ&K!NG<<F




MN Z3[


@@@_;H4LM'V%9F
M#GR&+BS^MOK(3S/1P4X@[)V\8#@LOO:CR'(U.!$'- /-R'=MY+J:14-7.=^Y




2@

M=L*#X&TWGA[S_ZZ*
%D<:MT?')CVF9\Y




MGV'J.LCVE
GQHQ@_
LB@.\

M

M#J#[G0L(QUV/^-CSF7-U0& 22@
@@P 95! (D59PZH# )




$^1S7P+RFP+#ZC+L(V)AY#H:/ L)

M+/P(Q]4@=X64]
@@@^X$F\BR

LAP!/AJ



M-J) 



#%AXD?GZB'. 0J 8@J*;R5?VP$2@


ML 

Y<-O$<HYMG/8
3



M@8!AU1F&
T# L.H



2

MY4/0%RP93)2YBN*RRB'M#QB/N0L1&UGJ['XH!H\

N@.

@@
M@^X$FZ9XG!$ !H 5!9@0Y/G@0P# J@+



P%7^NZ$CLF:

M?P, X#Q)4BK;A650YH !HS:%RR



M8E4AAL- P+#J#

9(&!8=88A%@3LJLJNZ2'JBQ
_&B1C@Q
_6PD*70T/^_3S
MK!N7QNLD*XI?(10$UF/.

%Q02GYD4$&W1FVD8-]Y-L:3(!2\B.#
M#+HS3*B'





'EEIL-);\K@)F'CMDRUZT5UCII0UH*G7/!</Y
P'$'

T

PIJ
2Y9

+$C\[50YP#% #%%!3?2KZJ B0 B0D2]2:\G$C 
8LM'K. *ML0

#O(-FWD
M6  SP*P\S%K2!6'F*+(






M.V371(YC(HK![@*[BK%K(MNR$3&507?'01\X=0D J*@I5P[ =LQMS=9HIM


80#+(
MH#O$-O)]Q$X \


@@@^X 6R9%E@L+:2!858)-9

O'X:@76VTR\B1[F+?
MAM@]H*P\RL1V$*'@7P#*ZJ.


S





MVH
0
MVV_K'(
93A%2K@(1D'(5B%A$!*1</<:4J\VI\JQ90D-Z50AU'=.S
M*W*(X


[OYLTJFRX@6[T\SB$_*DP@\R;0=(W@?K3AYSH
MR #X OXRH,O9$IM=^1/=2A* ]OJ4F1*%7F^\B LJR#AO\Y[DL5YE&81P%?



M=I%*59Y8[RB#D4?DRV#$H?3!J]\LO.!H/L%8-D78\?6:8R# L('-H!ALQEHR
M:&\J^

H]UYWT;.^5/]N#9;8^EY27KBY^E
FHG
M=X#V['YPQ_CV_=/EV?7%US^

3Z
$-RI-
1YDR =


\Z#L
SR 3(NTO#4.


B@T1YEQ7
B%@1YO$-BWCSFX^K7D\D


M(TM':A^=VXYO*M$'R'BXB\

MXR:]*



-'?06EPT1

!+C=LG).,H
M_&1UV[M5&M;L(0'/ TL2\;_#Z\1IK4[QN5$,J[]IF$3/4RW/4M/C3/^^WH




-2FG9G-I^P? .  8
M
YX=H %H3-!HO'Q@ IB8

4$BGJA#T@ $A
D5ME!V7//P![9$O#

MX
 (T'SL-!/DN0YZ\I .P PPJPBSA8A%N66V 6: 6768(;
\0*P\Q*:/;&(A
M[
.S6\?Q0
;+D:

NAN/5Y;R/.4L1Q0)0^X'7)+D&5:?.93

MHYMG/8





# 

M 
D@@_80(V):X@00
 P

*PJPV+_R$0N
 P
*\LP]9!O

Q;R%B(TN=W0_%X)%!!MT!YO0B
MV])@ZI.2'AEDT)U@TQ2/
P+  +B !./!]\ !858#Y6A%39?*I* :/##)H
M#[!E(5\''P). FWQ)%#$^CD+XZNQ5[?1OQG!+V
J_/O^FT(BW %%+*6P[
M'DR




M/QBU&X?\3AC*!WU7DD7




6PG!
$D.#QOW;K\=I&IJG






M75O87KZ2T\#^PMF@+:8




M$M8-O*]%7].$?+OJBCC[FNL


MYF+QSLFDCU^


MT_B&3-2WVYMEV;UM&#:HZ9L\2
.[N.#2MK^ 3 . ,:7(*VZ05A6.:Q.AJC

X@1H 4






M
*PZPW &!A6G6&(!0&[JK)K8639#O)\9?;MVSL/3OQL)2AT-3SLT\^S;EP:
MKY.L*'Z%4!!8CSG+:.1@48T.$J$!PZHR[#7)(A28!@85I7AUQ39OC( P^DU
MX';

BBL'N KN*L6LBV[(1
95!=\=!'S@)U0(
MHJE7#L!VS&W-UFBFWD$-BI X:599@@W\/(-R$9$$L+
0(8P^Y'C 
#O+
M,$:$.MRC4;PHQA 

MPO-?P*^R_#H.-\  






ZUM-NM8]?3:1S/G['V^JHG
;!/VWP^1E


0Y


6#XY\W&QV8(^+@5



^.WN




@IM;C/$6-+MZ^R52_'-KNRW%
MN[A5\02#YN?

-S)S%P[

@

M
DBC.+U](1PY.Q6UVJI#2_OB 2VNZD4!T:T:VF?R[ET=]A+SSH*8I6[JF.=!



IUZMM*X\1C
M_J+C;NJ.Z



&=?'Q


WAZ: W2'$HZC[/7PL?_O:/G-S88G#?CR(@[%3P
ME7@NPYSMK

MCM[1+IV'2^F:/R(OY6Z2\

M='& Z$)[^H*Y\
HF#:%\93=TOX4+%\-Z=[$YEJ(#6 629:)

=!4

%'\NLI)$6CR3

LF2ED8W3UR$:
M2::+VZ$?%*4&)@\F9Z%1^,[.CZ_FP8=@+ER[I8!LJM%L&D+Q:2P%:JFF
.
M(H-D4I55LM*2Z27;^620S*ZR2BA:
KUD.^D

\ SG^BOB!%A.1.IDLV

SCM1V:LWF&=OI2VE[

X\TZ^]-K;2+--PU(%9&'$!^R9)
Z]
MRF9






M7&CFB&-B\F*A.^BNKK0/%BD?-64P=22O2[J#]FH@61$U=3- 4^)@W*2K[;6=
JUZ17=!3MH=N-:]1_
M1J:-C1M$6,#.W4)=B:Y7L]VBOW9Z:NIKNQ%M#WTE^F 4751C_4K[87OH*]D9
M:W9;G?Y:L%(1?6TWBNVNKTZROMH=MBZMM%\6_[28:%(W:93?'$TJ;+#97KBD
M+<%A-MN9$@7+AGO206=3KX

MZ)NC7.45?6


M

MK(()TY0A-94/)]A/VGFS%=''#!-!FL$:$/DC0OI!/^3'O:W%D6\[HB5R0&0-
M9#P:Q


UC





/]
\X8D\-V[N3$-RZUR



VZD)(A<17LR380%1:B*J

THWP%Q(SC86R%]Y! P7N 7.

M\^?C]ZZMQYL
VQ#MX8M6_;2Y



M3^C'HM+A+R^=]/]M4$P52FKR_@R;[RO3ZTPA^[5AJH/-V?J#S3E!$X9V@#@
M+3UX%5U7JC%+!I,CSS[EB2%CXDQA=H0!ICX#3#F!4X8V 'A+#UY80V8T.]Y-
M9TCG)RW8//F QQ0W, ?


SA+N[BWR^Y[%R:/%
M=+7F#-;X:.0=HSG!
\3/GS

M#:3KK%XMNW]&GZ*;



MI73Y6^CUF#%-629Z
2W3
[&DL3(6IYL%LQL7A;5!W
%?%KE)GFAC6@KXFS8J

M7]8FRIA2NFF0;/5+:.$ZX5H4U&9;,-^,U*Y/G,)K['AU*U@X&97.-UV!L.


SDG(7$+)BKXE2



MR_/9XX=)K(:.QI@'[SBG.T&
+G]
<8-^2Q7

M3'%H%=&.^(XM9\;=&-IK4



:= ?
^]C\_


:/7I[Z!7;#7\R
1D-@7






DU[G

B@H@. /1(PGZI5QS#W0=1==
M([+('=




5 0$;VV-#?EE59$3$ UQLCPNQWU556(2E U3$HJ(.

!<][<BYTG?C8^&JB%]/B:;=J
MHG^1)IR!PB1JMU$;P+@8&%_C,:9_&4_H1Q4X*'-<8+6 

M(:)1%



!@(LJYAC3

#L3 
K\_C=L1D-


;+WA8-IX-+XBV# ]VGU
*\#%[]BRW%M$)LXELH-CY*PFJH?)]!J_

M!!U*(

MU&XN/\CN+60O 3(YN\XX0E5-/NMI6E]M6$4EE!)%5. $H\4*#(=]F*?*L.
MFJK!I$Q%OA7%!A3Y!EQ D6] Q1HJ*K)9#IO0AUI?Y=UBV(7=R_IU.'P.I[^+
^4!
ME%X7.55V0-



M&75\^NSN6:L5_OCHO[CX+Y\%.]]QB$1EY7NUES()0H;*FL=)6\A*1MIE1\2$



&3\=YMDW/?7A\5GOBB(@8WN]/D;6 F2
/
M:T

MF1P(
FII=BXJ*79@:BZF:'G9F2[\P4CP;8F:FCU6%GIBP[
\5C 79FBMR9

M[I'^AB9TMKC&KCFQ:X0
00


+JLNY2





MP[LFWT$9?=AJKW*JT

5%3%68


MJN[T3AO

MP.7.M=-!!RJB P%V(2&SYN &_TNI[@1N5]TZ%GA;AW:QE62&[_0IKQ=3VE0=









+?61
 G


M.?J;R

P3G/!)-&H5
\-GC'5?98[FF9Y\F8!*2.9!-4C:UOSZS01X20)%4 (MRN9+





N@PD8/;WL]GILS-6Y\<4+/!A

M!I3%

MQQY O329%Q6
.84)


M4EC!'62P/!?R0!UBE6&[H9.('X2Y-OSOQ5



MF!)Y(^8-H?F@2\







MF_9CVTZQ)51
&?J]TM!RN=E[MN9


/#6#7^0.FJ]?U/7_B
A

MN



M?[6%3454Q!0.W[G0\UZB]?%!;5E_7J*II@=O




*2VIU=MT=:E=K#3'\/L^W)W0HLF *5VC.NN9_:S\N:FC'_
M2Q28DDNP5KKM=9FR!3*U%YW/939I0^BV(UDLN_ #%FYQ1LR6^'/%C53GY3
MH.QOT&R






M6V(Q










M
L&\
.






(#^?E[DQN:N;VO8A=))MWL6V1. .;7C\QZLKK)D_#$[4]




MXXX$&]T(6B7%K%W1ZEK*9#4._NQ!\6/FGC-@9EH*ALI%7YYG=:DP6)F-UL:[

MZ+-OPRGQX^D%G6\\=9DZ@+2


L_0AZ/CZ'1X+
9%?Z)9D6V2V25YZ)!_@X+JW3*5*9V5Q 8
MG=0.F649.BU.I1B;9S]G]S=O&)\2[IYP2A[(B(I'=*;R7]R#/?%#YR$303?S

M


BB
97)5^6N FGURKK&K'J8D3N

@RKG]T?(


]O.#WB@+8YV;CZJ0.
M*)V'#J5NA'.M[
C@%U@'OW9JM(V<H\Q%#=9DZ8
HQX13/ [OE6YJ/





_*J8F=^ZN-*I85OUH8F
BD+;(_6A






Y[D2R?
V-1D05VHM4O[

M9C^6JE_CA?3B7QW%HT;$/CS_P%02P,$%     @ AH:O3$OY7 +#P  HNP
M !4   !R;6-F+3(P
3@P

4#2)35+G




M8


B+V6K4BEI B%FQP?'UC3/QT7*RR//6FOC\O2!^1*$N7GWCE!CVL



Y5Q.6#N4KP9!_8RN:/1$IR

M^T/9\/8'88/*'
^.4O=,L5L(^V'_]0Q5UJYU5B\J8ZWC\FW<F5,'QY[4\;!8VBPCBD





M\-V?TF3ZRJ8PM.K?(EK1(E=X.B/A%^'PJUP]?6.'Q*N-M[HF#@F]\Q?78G5R

9BK(#3@.Z=OTPNRV!R1X&


M8@LR@O
JM34BJR*0IACKNV



$JSE3!A[*32[
MDKP^LUUG+



O+@E907=O&
:FG

\9)M$Z?<T
MK).3JGPA$36LWV[0/Y%WY)$D.5GJ-2YLFS]H-CO+TTSPD']^J)<OM-.FI/B
MG[0L%6A:C(0S]*W;&:Q#W*@.'0!!ZZU#3%$ H'1@MKH6UZPU *DQA##-GPO;
MFS53+IB!Z[99K(J,VQ&CW





+_.QZ8H$&
]):XEMNF* =A2RE4A
M-C J13\,D-:\Q ;K4-L;![S5%8X6H+;Z8(!21'ZJMU9J#TO:='5X&^ ?7#B2
MYVRA4K_JADXR=M)L$VKRD0KOYM/SMU3:.F;3O?D :$6\: 6(#4#H &YB@\V


?P$FU
\6E_AU(-RH$FL<4&

<^7.:^9'Y=!2\HZ.[1+1WA[B^Z,2T2NK:N)5
&@WIX#T4E/=T '1:]4E!JK5+=V2;52[
M^L8.[A.119M%?-5/;'QY<#],D(RS8]/5T=L<ML,-^HF=7(%!N!IJALZ)=JX
MEK1M7=QEL






%8FI(-3I*X%!.[.!2X8SPUY@IK%D7!)POUV.I#)OA$


T'M
V:S2'8 6G/&A1?2'_
M&_LI$9_\'U!+ P04     &AJ]

C Q
M.# R







ER


:W+O^7@L+N]P
MM'UB1XH5(PTXQWB.RK3H/\G/QY$2O*%VGU1&XR_K)2VS@K^K^)[&-.4B;X[B

M



CK0+O$!I3<#L&\E;J).TZ$K8

3O[Q?<'*[7#-_ME1VYHSNC2:8=J!B_B3Q\0GT:YJBJ!174;P+A


)]]FH2_OVG19@?5[C-:8&&<Y^5RB1CY$U=:


M;;L'4R1HZT%;#]IZT-:#MAZT=86VWFUC]:ZO_Q+E!1\AX@U7G)GK[)%5BC*+


7R$N+2Z0FO!E5HM



DUN8ZMDF7H%

/)(S*4K_A1$[S9(3/G$M
M].F:#DWJ2?
::P*N

M(NER2;



MK=YMB.QGH
A
@21RLD%)%[7!#^8BR21+N.[7(W8_8D& *PV4_





M_X:]//@6*]U^]IR^5K/ HH='%^FN
M)B8!FW#Z[IX)H&[II6 S'G=&IN?TS.


UB'



Q\8S?-KS'DRO4$ISL^%/!$.[17.<'+%&6W]/^5Z?K]V[<_R@_V

MKV 5F&:J-(O4T&;3O[2_+6;'C*^.?]OUD







[P6+LNX5T4O5@CMRV


G9+ETRO3C8T?4[+M7_KEG-X+BZJRMI=S+TN;(@






M9[M5OILVAP'@0F@
3

M0



MN9\BWF1)ZM3/*EE


*3'A?2X
\J6F''U
M@


&+8 
6OXV\$XY



AB]5R3_,L1YNMCB=@7993.M-O! /(?B7Q)X7I+HR(8:=H-!#-J7#'@!@
M:(]+&_28. P JZ7,[K$[ 61RNNZ#'L%7TU73P)*<7Z-'W!6XD]8?06<LNT$

%G#YGA
U'):0?5






R3QKFOD7?ZB0:
RHU




)PM:8V!JGRHXC :$TWZN27B)%5:0S1UC
M\%(I[(#:NV8-$3NZ!]TY8E

M0?X5&
BNH6-#N+\ @]O3$6Z(^M?IH7:B7$!3J!SD&)AAZI867K63.%5:]4


M5;7ZA4A]YB[7]2ZB#!4EPZ+A3!^*EE4U[+(R^42L;7X19?O6U3V[P:::0V1
M 1[ML7#(8&AVG1(F_Y4GEU.;_A(^\\GLK




M!JT[:-V=?=TGG*MVLNO



M&2S(8$$&S)8D,&#!;D*[0@G2D&$S(R'6F)AHC'*TEB\]X-]2+OEO3/$:G*




[ZKXN[=17JY6-6N@-(I1



&B01,,FE=HT'14+9\RL.]\N#3MLL;5!$A


M+=_

EV_?_OV



M;+FXC0Y5.Q=D

2KH6V\K'15HXWVLI9K:W(:;+HYH#(







'U ?

;
'$N-V:_P3S1YPSHWU2I'

4-5^)=C(1YH<(CY/]=/6)<N%IVWN P#7D8OT1



1&L[5GT*L#*
M

MH397J2
3$)R?9HB;6D\:'KLJZVT/'RY7JF114T*=X6T=Y9S7S9PF*\T20(


MI$@:(NC=2TC]
@5NGHBI;Y*.L0O4IJ#85+BY8[I*+Q[^%1P/*ZKU@N/:05
M



R


K55@


M!(:+A_W?ZJTX\MYG1]PAL1LM^ZQILUA +@06AM3,J5IMX,!Y'^UM%'8:E'
ME#'ZR7!,5KQ7XJU!4C=$# 7F/Q$H2LZP%5/XA?L


NSH\NK]4X;/IZ@5:9MT*3VS^7]Q*)M*E_PM723MEXDL3[
M%]!7C






E9OC/*EJ)

T
M=4'






(._)XC]'O!==XJA WWKG
MAIL-YB\5W(:^D/D=



MHF^U
^UI*Z9Y?HP86\\IJZX.Y-PD[IB

M6H
A_[@Z)E/R*7_R!3_=]'8YWW]%FZOA9!7[AWK










&#



M5UCL8)A
MAE3K1\$%(.9*AL0A%B/MR%WF(5(
\Q(LXUE.K$(LHG;?6)185T8
M8Z+!70=WBT
K:VCC&_4?C_XQ(MMU']%YE-)LD9('G$2LBKIN8K B
BLN6F%E
1=29.G+?NXYAMN<:5E(NJ)QC$7@LF+


;^#?1?HKR\B['7TOQE3@)WC]+V&)(CV:4-97!
M



M%$)B0G G!7?2X;F3[ T(_\Z(GR.R7/*O&$%IQ/ #J7B8SJ.5^$#+/%WSKT45


MW'Q

2OGCB'_F17YM^CLD\:9C]%GVK4V_

F8=9<NJSP( WYJ/$G[I\EXC)VOA:5RTF^I?$\.RXY
MPJSX%T;LC&0HB_DNO54%<V4I1R=C!B]S2 PY._:H/*]MA^)NND&UX@_/P

]

4.[0.O+N0
M?XSXZ%CX+&



MXRHXKH [KH)A$0R+PS

NXGX4\2;+$GMF:J

MK)#I%*4;Y4Y*+

7Z

MM_RI;E[URY$@PWZD;D#OC0
6\NT]9AC-^F)UL[CC _YB@D%M5C?E'=_X+BX
MI9=L]L!5F'%GU'V'(DBB['S.



GC%++


M*DF.:XAH?;$^SV+.75P









M%;NE14BC_!XG'RA-9.:WNK%'XN4NC[8F'@F]1H\?N9!A!*7Y+$MNRM4JY1)%

M!YP1']P&K\AMX
8$F



M] 0$ZP.CN36B9YT @9'[DDVZ  (B&

_);-+U

MS\80:G4
]Y)5YCFX&$1'C


&D0
M_K/

^D*#
M9M+
R; T]_'H_
ME7<'_\\1[T67.K0-YQ'#'/A'9.T3F$3J3[%/8Y$GU*
%\TQGVF4[G2*Q$U]
ME3-;M
:4N^*36[$\UD'B#[ : ?/YJ
M9L59+5AN-I+F66

MH\UW
]&;:U'2 L

AO9]U?6P

L8]@( 1UQ[]$C2E)M*^Y?.FF(S& ( T.T5
M.Z:P7G0  .*H#N^H0O#37[0P[ 7 #@6&& 1_I1C1O/\&#&VYAK5(V))S@4J

MS95EHG!;'+-27*NW

M]2%MTHF&V*T\FA.-J3LWAR8:7._NX9UH5'TH+\%$X^N]G903BZ%W]@M
-5JN
M]ZZ;(@.LK]G;UZ:@ 6MCIIX34ZB -3.IP\L4&W@52Q6W@Y:XDI?+)6)K24)&

M]V=]]Z
XV-C!QCX30;][DG




M\\@O3NZ$-N*UMOMM5!H

CXV[#\PJLMVC+5PEXZZLD'84THX.




3*4+1U_P.&Z#\2KR$U

E%

MRDM$QI*Z$%T)T95--JBXB/V:KE%:K

C/J6O;3HAD__[X8YISI4*PYRYU



!KBGQ=J5$Z)M+6_]!XU

M'T%3_M2%YB5T'L=C1CM.U*T])0J4Q-BKG:=?*7]T.?S[!9IZT_A@&@-6


79QNK!Y
V9\V:2B\W
MF



#_' 2;6&$_-74!

 -#C%R)#XEK-S
M?3:;\12D+OA
!ZE3TZ@Y1_0Y2_3@AEZ]D 4R4$LI;5(^QNA^R$N8D


$J2YRU@G5RZY @'$#
[D@Z(ZD

M/@!DD)KUU7T@

MI3^R;^DL_EH2D3-4H&Q!N&ZOU
F

O?:-N[J$22Y/WA!.^N0GONLIYK6X<:M^$^_: EP@)1\7#

F[FJ#FXI
3T7J#4X-ZC<7+@Z-@M./!EHCZAP=< +2[2QT2HL#ISH-Q!F&

P

M




N


M^_.](Y



J#41Z
\CU('?:'B5KL#K:'B=KV






Q=#.Z GC$FG9$-KCJ3N5SI#6J\




MZF1



M[PJXXT &RWF(K#5P9X8


JI?8H0ORDD*.J;07J+*21HBIK#(+_I%$#1W7IF/YOA:+ #9T4





1)+$[K&?;JGZ7WI!GP!\
X:X#466P__OC+AN(I0HE24.'JOFFH_




3
M6F)EE;(A'Q4FSO)1_JO#]?41UNH.C:QPD(-O:7B*WO7P;N!PJ+N0S14I_1
MTA X=%;VI-WLM7&V]MXK)A=/-7 9C/RJ#;S%0[Y&VLD7 2KJ['4]0*C'$O(



M;QU


M:6U'2-=?57Y$/0SC_N-#/-^ZF?J(^HZC@(-K(3)ZC/3*8/N7EB$3;FABG\QS



#$X



70$9'P$]'[; C^-71F[='7[_Y\G.9_(Y3
MG1!)NH)E](JN?SWYZOS49@_? 4COLKI'6S3A^B69AQG

MX/$#X/'FCX#'OPW-5CUM.6^4Z6:;T=]]98SI)2U2EKS/+:





G$CKI@?^/KW;8'J[EN&CI



H(Q
J*Z;X^VA9P$%1/XA@_ZS3K?PKK3 \
MJ#&?5994@.N%0[_F''K98*



HDMY)LPMQQC
8_5PF8#G
MY5CY@1\K%RT&Y+K!8$$'BLJ&S!XERE3V&\(GS4UN;9ZF99RQLBXH!.*\X]!^

*&


MRIZ.DJB*CNH\JI


VTY
ZYH7&]!$PB8M



U.!$SL^Y

Z\*30[&
.XHY.Z


MD3-\C(9
D3#+SL'

M@9]
Y_Z_
'KSYDWQ*NCN&BY/M8H/W,VP@SE_]B$:PC W!QO*!7W\]


M=#
:E4A'O1=
O-9K
4_.1G6$4O#_V#6,4B
M#RX_'&9<7\HBVX32&F5]*]!JD6^*&+E0VJ@O



A*YI4=!D?XP%U8$ XU(?:* 32LA/.A1!


+XJQL^@
M$[R4?+\*6MF
.A8H+E(&+6R\21UZK=T
(6/B#VPK=8#$C=45GR!/P#TEGX'


J7%?E%R]-A@T9R$BV;7!%



9M= K0XJR'IV #M$Y



M)S0IX]&&%57Z+^E1

M(7B/O/D1FD+N&'R83GO*:ZL&9_2F(5)NVL&LM?=#\D5OY6GES-6KGX$EI7
MH??'E5$

TRJ[;PV+0(IH?C3%@QF?U







I)E1$

Z3?(_OGXS^-=8

.9C/DY72
MP5VJD=(AZ
-&







ML[F6O!8B 9!X6]
&XFX
S&V[P)*C%H))QB$*1+/D)$_1L6O5+BT\X2#VC@

SNV;V#KHH7-_!%YH;S?JVE^3N$6:SM_QMMWRN^0
(AB*3
M





B91A./]\LXW 8W





6N[L&!6/V40 VB#V?=G\L'N$N(R&5[B]@)8

M?\IIKWOP=-B[-C;1JCN
R^ $Q%(A6%PYX-7 LQI#=\FNAZJQ]G&7N$(-)3


M!LSZ9EK3F7GRYYH#6




J#1K62[3^V2HWGXN']
C:P!.]JO^(_QE_@04+L+PL9Z;D&&P$R:6*-_X5%B(J9-2+^.
MO-/T(4UHGI27T1.8'].]IF9&(UUS([.Z%I@6+-E*L$&\:W
499ID\LL]K0VK
MQ#S3@Y&\


M_4&#5LN/)GJF9=S$#0WMJ*V2C+UZ)1MH-UM+'\ZSI/_25GYZT0)4LSW1J48
M%.XUJV[6@=-#M\1:?%I?P
.!(D2_@[G=LG&=[JD77*;G;?N55$H=V3X59)A



MSTOC@*!H4$*R'2Z8H\;ABA'CU@6@

;@%92OL./FM^HW



+.3N^:5!@$B
&BO



MSW.\BD2SO&''L6C[^=R


MBS(O



MD!XRI


D2648;/-&5%?WK!AHZN018JA7SG'
G.?!=Y#;K
:H


LKN ?7T@R5)V@CI&)'4ABM/RD?*<#24

KBKR0#.'LUNJW0#!$$(; YNA6=

M#%7][7 Z7TT+&Z &1=YLX&ZK/^%*Q+6 2=Y5DB@E9O)Y 4P%F5\4HKS;!-
P

7@9&S_[E3[ 6 &3$[M6

MQ\


[M'7:R%H'X0I[#-*.J1 D#!M,5ML8'F3(GYJ










M]I&]HJ*!+3A@RH.@L-EPDNS6@AO1$#W&\ZXYUIL,!0N1BYR Q&,XC%L+6Y



M/L(9Q6W9DWL6


M8L89@JF2*ECLV!DKGDGFY$.DQI?FL5UC$$+KZ[ /C#I;



MI





M-0


M@!;R$6V8?$R))GZ9X1.MH S'AGY@Y1@S#(Y!




GKY4=&



MRX

M63$)@AMZ109O:1[?;Z(B1*_I*4%@JC3V:_4-G*CO/\=9G7!=\A
_'Q[3+'LF

M(C: 20\R_B'2XC*



Y4&^FK\7+1UD=*/ZG6^:H0\R@-N



M2G1=




8VRI2?/49

M3!X] JR54K:^4BM%QE^


M6^-7X8PB-9Z^I_()4C%

MVS 

ML



I_?0&N

!+95F$
MF






M+
VC/(9S:P=]1136X:J8P!1_



M1B'L%


$
B[1(O(^]
F O\\/X[CHJ;)AS2ZA29&

AI%]1NZ)5E&8S


&&Z#8G10IC&; ?4FJ&988
?9-%X2


M:.RY\GDF9)\FLOL25X

Z=F-F7




MI$+7]D5PXZC JI
\1(Q@44!/.L 3NO-




M3P_&)N@



M./.
C$-SS;/Y/+%+!U4JF%!L
D9

M0PCE\6A&&9G7$\

M$[MFJ@ZX\

M)1ILQ/1)Z5=C]Q


M]T
#;[!Q




M?I66O^XJDHS5T%+Y!)_T.CJU+_TYA0.NCJ;--2%TZ1X!#!8A2ZJH\1#$/#

MOQ+WYSHJN [
GL[2/
KC-


+AADKA&*$F4R:1YYHX




S1%/.%7K]$2BQ:F=)B)
;53#=1H[Y?O=\;^5WNZ?7XRQCCX#<&2M.

MJQ6498?Q39/=(+*.X5!F81



FAB+(95E8SZ


M/4%GF8F\

M7U!.ZX+C)CM+PAUE+!T0
0.V4HTZ)%]N0 V4
#Y!-RLVJP;2Q6) JX&U'C


-I



W8+&/U*_


'





MJ\:P!Q97?P&+N5$_D 9J6PX_4
6%819@BM0)78[D0M;R%X'-T#KO^+84S9E'

MT[2


M%6TEIC ^^2F.8!I$\FW@-#0;D
A1DV;^$[01
SZU\Y?Z%C;9 0]?R4^)V Q#

CNNPTF*]+@PE6:Z#T76K%I;PHS




U+.8_VF-+L1#JD

,T&*CX#W2V1P)=LL.72(171*)





V
M1PR_+H*FQWGR0

M

MML3
:&4V9:Q!A
POSJ-\#7'5C'-$M1WG9DMMR9284'P?V=4M_/D_ZSR(AX
MZ7R*KC@S#\)]K;\=#O*JV@..J\_B8E&8J@ZB2$N7Y^SRBT:C,5,.LY'&JB


R)?L Q




M2
MJ

MDSV?SC5727CRN65%?O_EZ]=OR#8J1%0@)5M:D%(FJWSSQ]7KUZ_A_^5O2A+5





X'.Y*$Z[ \[E3P_.DT

IH^Z-M



M.QR8+F%9%A7ESB8/SG^S^S#
BVK$]1W%_*R1]5_:K*@NJVB$+S6^1



6BH^I EO+D

3QQ<\R^7_&-*%VF\J

M3JR^\WRG=$69H/2V!KW[[FEX_'_+$T?=+#0$8
]N1+B_L%IAXHM\O;4G$F



M8G
AT3;[AS^W?@/8!Q/^

M_- S[QNZGV


R;X0E8Q6
MQ

M+(=#TZ$W52NF:Z%)2*9,@B6Y8-I\4#)FA6DS-@CV; 'F4+98 7Q\K__^MOO
M5M^]EIT?O_VFQ]6K[]]H]

7*T5UXTQT1 OD?!GB'J9 EI$6A61]8[V
K

MK@
2!J\PHBH
M2

?F!Z7AQ
[/5:T-P(C QZDQ68U(N_FKO-A#W[



Z:(1.@?EHPH.MRED*4]CB

.**OV7L&6P7XJ=)]B2&5B&A;G/,_+NH:TZ+F5+9.VY];0W Z
M6

M/G5*H
[N5\WE+T3%3#3'





MMZ5XJ1]1

#_GU!5P2E#3:^*JCOFN<KP_!I
M=;AI#VE_!WV0C W?W#KJ4FH&[IH&GS@%TE,NM^D!7.15[=V]6;;[[32:MS
M=:%0WDN&WJ @V1H<+7:7I[ -:O5&E+\SR\08G]]Y+RZ) .EAL+B$8_5-.,Q
M4*6L9\

1!D?B#77#R9T;HFW$
DO )
(H('LZG%J
G42

+X.Y3DLN#MF83DW3UL[M']L1]
V:W!OA_H.C3@\-
GNEY_/ZH*K






$G; /_%?X5?B*]HSE=IU7Y?K/-V!/=





)/7


MR


VM\ 62:R9F=NZ'V($6+M@]X$'8
M287,#$$[STIH_XT,;EIC2FA\)%8)'<[H[:'V$#3J==;&C!/LITSX#R<F3S%


VB2K*

MLJAZO



@.

/!5

M*U6HO-O4UH5NO-?W44'?125-^@5VU7
DK

MC6

MA2=:
(2IUS?!$$R#1OX?.
!%/6

(L#VH-C-*2

M83713.V


M4O_0T+H;!^#;V!O'Q

U+7Z:*&2%FS8:\X





=V&%C+C6=;['^-148WDJ1J#
MJD'B9I4(F10HA'$E:G$3

M#

MSMS
_@[YCEU










*69.P\%VI]3
MF0#(H+V#;.S0H2O0 ME#O74 -I
Y$U-#C=\W=E-Z9
*@N1*3Y!Q\OQBCD5^.
M^4N4U;)-?
:M1L[?%%C]BA]5Q0
MWT49_&J$A;2^1?*4$@Q?7@


MW:)%&KS %R *[/::V0O^=V3IG?E;9C2?Q_2I



MB@_J()
=:&Y=!BO3




MMBL7S.DV&@94GA51'M^G_#I]-QY&.3H($SQY

=)6L :%QT)?C00


P[T#T[E_

F!7S

GXA^A::?9?@!WG0O

Z+R^)&84 8S 6%P-0EY:Z-+5(^##R2(QDP\\S#M&GH





PW)O?#2QZ:!Q?0_P D?B

6L^
V0C(SWFY
MI7&Z3FDRG0



;@L(()
C:OT





M/TK5)5@O^Y;7R3W?'C[@?1[%%4V:




M^6VC!;B\VT:+F=O;!G[]N-O&UPN_;1PP(.JV
4S5Y=XV3NF:%H4P&64BSF$O

D7.KYP*':N5(=SN3\

-T&V7G
M^2?ZN;IYI-D#_<CRZG[L9F%E3J3\&L'V)<Y&2&*DVS-57I*PVV%6YH36U8%




M$@U\(SDGJ\
UEN





MR^1X@



M/NN&0G P WFD((^C@1S!%793/8Z7=:QIZ

=]8AS:.K+=CS
MR@ @N46X/1OQZ-)!0_'MIUC6\B0G_C++);#6OK]P3J]Y43@:B3
E;]NPYAC2
M)#I0_?FBP;4]0W#OMD']1_;%]F*(\J&^
]TG3'A/9
5(8
=L2\&^#M5:\3Q4

M?K;7'$=_NZY8

M






&VGQQ##$[#VL7CSE8;TDK.4O!-I:I^;(OZ5?9@,G1RZ?




?2R3M^N-OXA4GWNH?4FYGUY$^+D]C**5V1Q-@ P_?(A1+#+?*!ZZ_
ME@#?'7F&.QC-&I)T%?5\JQX&7M&K5M70*GXL\DS%HN)LH\RHRD@IPVTLW=M*


PU%G01X^GE.

D_5SEA
M

E3IG*!'B#0B])H5\&:*
!;\R

MP0BF

$%     @ AH:O3'[(
M4RTS7   .2P( !4   !R;6-F+3(P
3@P
C(X7W!R92YX;6SM?6USY+;QY_NK


M_M??


2;)(TUHQN=G
M'B
Q0A''T%&=EQ4O$ISWZ



(\7WT_;O-A/]/_JM_GY
%VN^JC@WVV]F\0/*_O&M[,\U29G0
M1\HV\NN3INTB+/ZP[.O.&^@2M+A+W2B5^\^]/M$#Y/;W A*\_'&=WV]G+

M5L]F)/WG3LMF&R4[PWF2T;QDZ)YKV DGX
LK]GH:K3/;91XMXGAUP/KF-Z_9
MW_SZWPW$2&;0H
?$V8A^L
?(;DGP?15=\G^^7M?ZAA:)OH\?
J0C^$4C%;&'
MQ\R

M41&SY
7A]7:@38OO5C$39U3RB+-TVWO.Z-)\AZ
4:?([PGW]2!
QG3JO]F


BFNP:E+OAH

G_A-E&)E&Y!K[VO3+% 0%1RPX
M8BYX
)ZP8=

MI*S^406'*FUN=V

M18VS?Z&8G9/TC NN@3Y=TZ%)/=M
8TW #6*8IA?\=TUNH[;MN

'=QJ)_'I7OT4K



;H]VO\XC.(SX27:*H%L(C*C?48-T]+8C6\J<Z$9N2&4?$LSN

JP3:3F/9
M2




M2#


!#1OI7NROC.;Y
M+>(3G]W%&
$S9/?V_9;;F6\5[^979#L/TP(2H-;P2^D**


M]4#D'4KX$9>K.MYJ+4$*40&ZM#'S?^[9\RR2Y(H+OPW-^FE[ #?! N&$Y%S
M6T




MI61HMQ=IDF\ /2;.1O2#Q8RZY2JC:X0JI.2Z.CF4BJ5M/SX+%S%F591LBV3&
M0LKI-;D5AB+CQ]])G./\




MGJX8A3Z;$RIJ;R,H_3)


IO(VC=QW
^H[/22D:US?$:YRCDK%8!FW+\;ES<+LFA'=HG@=7'93
MP46.ON8[I&Q)0V2G906GO=2LE8)_'_'1JUKF9\17%1US#-*%@5BRRA%#SN^

YO


M9/+\%/$F2USGP%7Y+-SO$$E(B(@4I&A+



MB*COWFYJ-%&2;RQ=92H8M$_G:$]XL7TPTL*+[=83T#QA(^31A3PZJQDK?!;0
!<S


M_@'+5A.P'(EG.DOFAPQ3JZ8BT/' ?\L@\1K7-_R2+*-YB4H5NF&L*F5Z:G






M0X[^*


MWQ8A_Y7X@99YMN:_%L6ID+A)*UZ;C8KX*ZIC_^EFRL2OH@S'#SBKL#U3C&Q8




HE%X*


Q#[[D5ID)NK=


MP

+L[B%ERXQK\QO0QP=+B6OC' 5J H7B5?F-CA#"X?KPSN
MSK$;N-R\,L:-LIS@,O+*#=*$(7+R MCO$-B&5Q27AGDW5)J[-Z5J4M?120N



R



//1%1TPDT\:J=
#3_RGB39:X?K^P.C436MV!0*3]C4FS06WZ^&TH#0[^

@&8$
M-


&CCZ!+\IC(K*N]O,Q
M8EH=_ZPN!Q_1P4@+F-[V@$




)P4*+T3
_Z98'YT=IGP@+@FR(O?7Z%??$59%?/V:5
M]RHA^

DFP 4F+T!;MJ$MP%2!0WPE%L
M'&J2;M&*
D'C)9E3MJS6 #_(ZC\:H QM1@O00H 6 K1@WQ[IOH\%4& @%4
M*! !6
?+KV1I



X.


M-



M9-M!R+O4,)MI?1DO8FF5 L(*40&ZM #89_OGC'++DDB)T72I(^/$[:O9HJ

MKMOG)3RKC-M:(=^



[)VB1Q2/EYW=#J#&75US;G_INBZ!I60)VMLL?U
M)

3-+49
MG]23DF_S*



/_+U2(Q^T71!1'D0ABL._95.W!

KQY/J'J

MJ\HNO6;W.4?S






P-+)F?W)8

M

6;U5WS9;MJ$!@'7
L#B



&MG906K?#@@0.FL9-I47!T0HW-.3J G



AKW7!!
(_3

MI19KON4Q(K1 T?N(CXXB.H^2*H06Q22-
DH67/S+*$4/!?^_JMAI5+RL=EI7

M+.C3=RG@K3WXA]L.\/BO7**JMF]7I2%UXUKR8
)4F2W'= E;)D#8RPMXI6

6/^=5A/K-8[6R9NT*=4O(








(-T[&^'E
V0=S!XWL&T@@MVUF&(J1]/3/V('T\.
M


5M?H3Q__=CB
M(5V*9GT04;+D





V%
X\B'-%%R9;AHR.\-ZF.Y!S1[4AX

VA-* P)LR
ES$XH
?3SW3-F

=H^)6K\=[W9VQ.^D=

C$DTC 8


\THQ/3QZA
M/TJQAW8+)AF-:3.FU(+0$%H*H:77I-X));I%JTU _8;1!8N7LS3%0G?C;%86

F]GI*ETM**HK/\!-.^8+(^?EY]\AWUM


MN7V!H40$#NL0]2W.OYP@OGZ6






Z*(;-

MH8G^+*0C!#
&



A:]I/3[YOVXLJLOE*L:L

]KZ/=%
M0GI,'F02^!*B B
H;?GBV2..'X5GMG0ZH#2Y[Z[M/4 5@
?5)5_
MQY#\

 S^B*#0



M:Y =[ &BY*^\&MGKAB'P$@(O(? 2 B\!-PU(BGT/2'\^'1N*TI/==T18BYF9
MYH(7_5.4EP\Y^J
4OQ(U);JGDAL
:=73-:8S^*Y'_!J/Q:\ZCFG,Y1DL?Q!
M/4C7X%&YX5$-1.QNNSH7NY6ZEK:JK772-8\2:%H[0;ZZ++BN?7#'@SM^).ZX
M9BU3XU7CC63T7CID'_0&M&BM*$+L!N:Y6@^5$S.B 0;;P%%_(GR.\7/)?
M
6Y&1 P]X9Q_6\2A5^('6N;9FO]:% 1%XL(W'Q!%1?P5U0'I=#-WXE=1AN
'






A9Y

M$_I(2?$H0[HZC6D3RS
B7)Q_]\^T#QELA@HP9H Q6\*8(^^H 08]'A@T7/$+
M_F




Y



IV[RPH$


$&NXTQ6 ]:'P



C$K5;-\5A:/5*PZ4=61SQIE*\IW


:QA/?Z.]'[(#1SH?TT?:$=)![_ROO*


M


MCCAZ58GI:4-%

MUX\7-N#-/H\$U^]#Q '\DMP2B1LN)/LQ=*S1Q*!^(W/W /Y(G_1)DH)7+X
M[W81&?!X-F
LAD2&J
E(49/+S4RL;^+D2[S 9-$4WYW&C)P ]894C&4 /'

LGY'TKERM
M

69BWJ_G5Y0LJHA


0N*%[<2+ON83E'W1K_*,
M&FKE9/&3?GG&:3PM&9-G4S2TM)D8<4C.)TH2,.W[QC;)_\2U(+^IM4!]&$3

M/XFGT9:XJ.#^ZMQ
*!&/P2.2B%NA(F$B$Z&!7=&].641W3X97_^M;9V
83YN





(9R@MDVK)7_
M3U8-IL-(KK/]SS+.\!RC

M[=IUTA7=D&X*@O_RM

MAWMW0+U3I
[B@UE2 P2YW'\A9$BG98 XF!\59BWQQ4;ZPL_ 4O-\;)J0ZS9
M!MP%+['JZOU)RXX\ 6W5^/17:MH5^P*'^9LBA[CMJ!A?9ARD+K&IMR+Z.
/C05H?%?<?\F*4K&UPWW
M8]E&K'O[P/1NZF)Z0YE\TN2ETR1)-;CR Z(!9P;!^AI-87A@+Z# US/S$'C
MB+S[WC4&;AA:Q7BK6&;\O.KKX/28OMQK.$K(J0DY-4/GU+1QRT.B3$B48DR
M(5%&$@L8VEWQ3J_,IE!JKPKLM!5QUIC,-=Y^$)%7@]7%EO?3N*A]7^DO[
MT




36TAXVD
EL[)TX)KH,A[PX

M]_3K/]J4[1GB!DRRK6K%C9M-XBV?=5;@/]4W@O5=;;)6I\**]+$+;CTW5;4Y



CRK!S(& P


MLOY
\!]E1:LBB:3M
!:RL


M;TF]_J.



MK6M2X(8SK).]!SZ4L:P7*SF3C;G9N.*TVYQC962.5'DD+M]PUL2K2^3*X4
M:%
3YRJB[2PSA715-98UNW_\B:V2C@5AU ?!?\&+
O2&P?ZMU&WR&D?]I
E_RMKZE'#5<31'



)+G)%Q4Q



MEU[3]G.+J8

%.J//
L-#WM!*^9TF]U#OPYL/8+G*$)!*

V8;!G!P;LU!L_8#6:B/

MVT+#R$%+)RB_I[/DCQ*+%+4B)@O

M&K (/H!=/@\VL5.:92BI@U[ *33K[711/*M$UO=7^'Y[1LN'8EYF6YA*3K:V


M0^@7 )^T/7O!%

9/#58^Q<$8/M0U*+AP,6%K&]EI$O^]
@_[%I_F?H%7-6BZR:Y]?J
OR$:G
&8^#[2DM8FM
MGB&X_8JQ;5;Z 



-)Y?E6


M



]G
M3EV
L+V4&A]TWLGE38F4OBS


MMI =78G?#Y?7-4'-


MZC#J0\YU39L+Q#?*.(.^;JSI9?
-SPUI9J\UJSO9?
UK0UEU1'!'^HI_VG26






M!YJ-HF#!@[?CP0]#[&];)9AE&7V.25)=*+WEVR![0OE)G(E?27@ ]7U=6=HO


D1



WL
M%3C89-&HMQUU8WO$W\=?ZV5Z8 AP\T:[MHW[6V!Q^_(OR%#5M+:0Z$UI^HRS

4
ML5S8\5:0KRNFTU[Z8 V];[YMJ%;9&LL:WT'TQ0LKA';'F&'C30A**E7;*U
OB$;&W^)5ZHF=;#%3G;Z:
MK4K1TBK9$+F_ %TL7J([H$:[!K;VB3^ANV*7&B<9$5+&V37E:UOLIA4(5QN
^B(0-:N'E0_-8XJ^+!^PC.)-[XD@()%8P@[#9?\Z:A\ /&F


07?0$*J#F?P!?+#2@$DQP27XPVL&A

CXC_^1G65&_B?(1YSL7FV_Q

MHD4- H.^H6Z%AMB=H7Y6


8P3ZG+XX\;N#75X-N**M@J*(&



ND







MW$@$F5;



!
MSDE06NE@YW.'V&3.BH.X)/_I=4R2_XIO %_QLEPVSJ_T[R.1QJ6E)*WI[^.0
M=BN



6FJG25KINC


3@P
C(X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (:&

