

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-13-006817
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130529
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130529
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000785815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				840910696
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14749
		FILM NUMBER:		13878175
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 TURNER DR
		CITY:			DURANGO
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			81301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3032590554
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 TURNER DRIVE
		CITY:			DURANGO
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			81301









    






WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549















For the fiscal year ended February 28
 


























Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.























265 Turner Drive
 Durango
 CO 81303
(Address of principal executive offices
 including ZIP code)



(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code)
































Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.



Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.Yes&#160;&#160;


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&#160;&#160;


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&#160;&#160;See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.&#160;&#160;(Check one):
































On April 30
 
 there were 6
072
470 shares of our common stock outstanding.&#160;&#160;The aggregate market value of our common stock (based on the closing price as quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market on August 31
 
 the last day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter) held by non-affiliates was $49
354
587. For purposes of this calculation
 shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by holders of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock have been excluded since those persons may under certain circumstances be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.




















 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the &#8220;Proxy Statement&#8221;) are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report.&#160;&#160;The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the close of the registrant&#8217;s fiscal year ended February 28
 
















ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC.













































































ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




































































ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




















ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE





















































This report includes statements of our expectations
 intentions

 competitive
 regulatory and technological conditions
 risks and uncertainties. The statements
 other than statements of historical fact
 included in this report are forward-looking statements. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as will, intend, believe, expect, anticipate, should, plan, estimate, potential, or similar expressions. Factors which could cause results to differ include
 but are not limited to: changes in the confectionery business environment
 seasonality
 consumer interest in our products
 general economic conditions
 the success of U-Swirl
 Inc.
 receptiveness of our products internationally
 consumer trends
 costs and availability of raw materials
 competition
 the success of our co-branding strategy and the effect of government regulations. Government regulations which we and our franchisees either are or may be subject to and which could cause results to differ from forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to: local
 state and federal laws regarding health
 sanitation
 safety
 building and fire codes
 franchising
 employment
 manufacturing
 packaging and distribution of food products and motor carriers. For a detailed discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements contained herein
 please see the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; contained in this report in Item 1A. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. As such they should not be unduly relied upon for more current circumstances. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements that might reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report or those that might reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.



























Founded in 1981 and incorporated in Colorado in 1982
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;) is an international franchisor and confectionery manufacturer. We are headquartered in Durango
 Colorado and manufacture an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products. As of March 31
 2013
 there were 6 Company-owned
 59 licensee-owned and 294 franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores operating in 41 states
 Canada
 Japan
 and the United Arab Emirates.



Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&#8220;ALY&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 was incorporated in Colorado as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 Inc. on September 30
 2010 and reorganized as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC on October 14
 2010 with the Company as the sole founding member.&#160;&#160;On January 14
 2013
 Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC (&#8220;Newco&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company formed in the State of Colorado on January 2
 2013
 entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of YHI
 Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC (collectively
 &#8220;Yogurtini&#8221;)
 which are the franchisors of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units branded as &#8220;Yogurtini.&#8221;&#160;&#160;In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 the Company entered into two agreements to sell all of its membership interests in Newco and substantially all of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;Upon completion of these transactions
 the Company ceased to operate any Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations or sell and support franchise locations.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013
 U-Swirl
 Inc. operated 12 Company-owned stores and 58 franchised U-Swirl
 Yogurtini
 and Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations.


U-Swirl
 Inc. acquired the U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt concept in September 2008 from U Create Enterprises (formerly U-Swirl Yogurt
 Inc.).

Approximately 55% of the products sold at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores are prepared on the premises. We believe that in-store preparation of products creates a special store ambiance
 and the aroma and sight of products being made attracts foot traffic and assures customers that products are fresh.


Our principal competitive strengths lie in our brand name recognition
 our reputation for the quality
 variety and taste of our products
 the special ambiance of our stores
 our knowledge and experience in applying criteria for selection of new store locations
 our expertise in the manufacture of chocolate candy products and the merchandising and marketing of confectionary products
 and the control and training infrastructures we have implemented to assure consistent customer service and execution of successful practices and techniques at our stores.


We believe our manufacturing expertise and reputation for quality has facilitated the sale of selected products through specialty markets. We are currently selling our products in a select number of specialty markets including wholesale
 fundraising
 corporate sales
 mail order
 private label and internet sales.













inside caf&#233;-style seating for 50 people and outside patio seating
 where feasible and appropriate;













spacious surroundings of 1
800 to 3
000 square feet;


















































The trade dress of the Aspen Leaf and Yogurtini locations are similar to that of U-Swirl
 although their locations use different color schemes and are typically smaller than the U-Swirl caf&#233;s.


















Our consolidated revenues are currently derived from three principal sources: (i) sales to franchisees and other third parties of chocolates and other confectionery products manufactured by us (68%-68%-69%); (ii) sales at Company-owned stores of chocolates
 other confectionery products and frozen yogurt(including products manufactured by us) (15%-15%-12%) and (iii) the collection of initial franchise fees and royalties from franchisees (17%-17%-19%). Approximately 97% of our revenues are derived from domestic sources
 with 3% derived from international sources. The figures in parentheses above show the percentage of total revenues attributable to each source for the fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


According to the National Confectioners Association
with chocolate generating sales of approximately $19 billion. According to the Department of Commerce
 per capita consumption of chocolate in 2010 was approximately 14 pounds per year nationally and was approximately unchanged when compared to 2009.


According to Ice Cream and Frozen Desserts in the U.S.: Markets and Opportunities in Retail and Foodservice
 6th Edition
 published in January 2010 by Packaged Facts (the &#8220;Packaged Facts Report&#8221;)
 the frozen dessert industry is a large and growing industry. In 2009
 the U.S. market for ice cream and related frozen desserts
 including frozen yogurt and frozen novelties
 grew two percent to $25 billion.





Our objective is to build on our position as a leading international franchisor and manufacturer of high quality chocolate and other confectionery products. We continually seek opportunities to profitably expand our business. To accomplish this objective
 we employ a business strategy that includes the following elements:





We maintain gourmet taste and quality of our chocolate candies by using only the finest chocolate and other wholesome ingredients.&#160;&#160;We use our own proprietary recipes
 primarily developed by our master candy makers. A typical Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store offers up to 100 of our chocolate candies throughout the year and as many as 200
 including many packaged candies
 during the holiday seasons. Individual stores also offer numerous varieties of premium fudge and gourmet caramel apples
 as well as other products prepared in the store from Company recipes.





We seek to establish an enjoyable and inviting atmosphere in each of our stores.&#160;&#160;Each Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store prepares numerous products
 including fudge
 barks and caramel apples
 in the store. In-store preparation is designed both to be fun and entertaining for customers and to convey an image of freshness and homemade quality. Our design staff has developed easily replicable designs and specifications to ensure that the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory concept is consistently implemented at each store.




Careful selection of a site is critical to the success of our stores. We consider many factors in identifying suitable sites
 including tenant mix
 visibility
 attractiveness
 accessibility
 level of foot traffic and occupancy costs. Final site selection occurs only after our senior management has approved the site. We believe that the experience of our management team in evaluating a potential site is one of our competitive strengths.





We emphasize excellence in customer service and seek to employ and to sell franchises to motivated and energetic people. We also foster enthusiasm for our customer service philosophy and the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory concept through our bi-annual franchisee convention
 regional meetings and other frequent contacts with our franchisees.




































































significantly impacted retailing
 in general
 and regional shopping mall customer traffic
 in particular
 throughout the United States during all of FY 2008
resulting in the worst economic and retail environment in our history. We experienced a decrease in same store sales of (6.7%) in our fiscal first quarter of 2010 followed by decreases in same store sales of (4.6%) and (3.2%) in our fiscal second and third quarters and an increase of 1.4% in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2010 compared with the same periods in FY 2009. The negative trend reversed slightly in FY 2011
 FY 2012 and FY 2013 and we experienced a 0.6%
 1.1% and 0.2% increase
 respectively
 in same store sales.


We have designed a contemporary and coordinated line of packaged products that capture and convey the freshness
 fun and excitement of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory retail store experience.&#160;&#160;We also believe that the successful launch of new packaging has had a positive impact on same store sales.





In FY 2013
 same store pounds purchased by franchisees decreased 0.6% compared to the prior fiscal year. We continue to add new products and focus our existing product lines in an effort to increase same store pounds purchased by existing locations. We believe the decrease in same store pounds purchased was due in part to a product mix shift from factory-made products to products made in the store such as caramel apples and we believe the decline in same store pounds purchased contrary to the slight increase in same store sales is primarily a result of the United States recession and the resulting financial pressure the recession has created for our system of franchise-owned stores.





We seek to improve our profitability by controlling costs and increasing the efficiency of our operations. Efforts in the last several years include: the purchase of additional automated factory equipment
 implementation of a comprehensive Advanced Planning and Scheduling (APS) system
 implementation of alternative manufacturing strategies and installation of enhanced Point-of-Sale (POS) systems in all of our Company-owned and 164 of our franchised stores through March 31
 2013. These measures have significantly improved our ability to deliver our products to our stores safely
 quickly and cost-effectively and impact store operations.











The cornerstone of our growth strategy is to aggressively pursue unit growth opportunities in locations where we have traditionally been successful
 to pursue new and developing real estate environments for franchisees which appear promising based on early sales results
 and to improve and expand our retail store concepts
 such that previously untapped and unfeasible environments&#160;&#160;generate sufficient revenue to support a successful Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory location.






The growth strategy for self serve retail frozen yogurt is to maximize U-Swirl&#8217;s market share and market penetration through the acquisition of additional self-serve yogurt systems
 as well as the acquisition of complementary businesses which may provide economies of scale and vertical integration. Although we believe there are still many geographic opportunities for growth
 we feel the self-serve frozen yogurt market has reached a saturation point. In many parts of the country the consolidation of the industry has begun. We believe this consolidation can prove beneficial to U-Swirl in a number of ways
 and U-Swirl intends to concentrate a significant amount of its efforts towards the acquisition of additional franchisors of self-serve frozen yogurt. In addition to the acquisition of self-serve frozen yogurt franchisors U-Swirl sees benefits in complementary businesses which provide it with the opportunity for vertical integration. Those opportunities lie in owning specific products which may be sold in its caf&#233;s
 as well as securing proprietary technology for use by franchisees. U-Swirl sees this as a possibility of adding new revenue streams while expanding into other markets in an efficient and lower risk model.





















We currently establish franchised stores in the following environments: outlet centers
 tourist environments
 regional centers
 street fronts
 airports and other entertainment-oriented environments. Over the last several years
 we have had a particular focus on regional center locations.&#160;&#160;We have established a business relationship with most of the major developers in the United States and believe that these relationships provide us with the opportunity to take advantage of attractive sites in new and existing real estate environments.





We believe the visibility of our stores and the high foot traffic at many of our locations has generated strong name recognition of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and demand for our franchises. The Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system has historically been concentrated in the western and Rocky Mountain region of the United States
 but growth has generated a gradual easterly momentum as new stores have been opened in the eastern half of the country. This growth has further increased our name recognition and demand for our franchises. Distribution of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products through specialty markets also increases name recognition and brand awareness in areas of the country in which we have not previously had a significant presence. We believe that by distributing selected Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory products through specialty markets increases our name brand recognition and will improve and benefit our entire store system.


We seek to establish a fun and inviting atmosphere in our Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store locations. Unlike most other confectionery stores
 each Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store prepares certain products
 including fudge and caramel apples
 in the store.&#160;&#160;Customers can observe store personnel making fudge from start to finish
 including the mixing of ingredients in old-fashioned copper kettles and the cooling of the fudge on large granite or marble tables
 and are often invited to sample the store's products. An average of approximately 55% of the revenues of franchised stores is generated by sales of products prepared on the premises. We believe the in-store preparation and aroma of our products enhance the ambiance at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores
 are fun and entertaining for our customers and convey an image of freshness and homemade quality.


To ensure that all stores conform to the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory image
 our design staff provides working drawings and specifications and approves the construction plans for each new store. We also control the signage and building materials that may be used in the stores.


The average store size is approximately 1
000 square feet
 approximately 650 square feet of which is selling space. Most stores are open seven days a week. Typical hours are 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
 Monday through Saturday
 and 12 noon to 6 p.m. on Sundays.&#160;&#160;Store hours in tourist areas may vary depending upon the tourist season.


In January 2007
 we began testing co-branded locations
 such as the co-branded stores with Cold Stone Creamery. Co-branding a location is a potential vehicle to possibly exploit retail environments that would not typically support a stand alone Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store.&#160;&#160;Co-branding can also be used to more efficiently manage rent structure
 payroll and other operating costs in environments that have not historically supported stand alone Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores.&#160;&#160;As of March 31
 2013 our co-branded partner&#8217;s franchisees operated 56 locations.


On April 30
 2012 we announced the execution of a Master Licensing Agreement covering the country of Japan. The Agreement requires at least 10 new stores to open each year for 10 years
 for a total minimum of 100 stores in the Licensed Territory by the expiration of the initial term of the Agreement.&#160;&#160;We believe that international opportunities may create a favorable expansion strategy and reduce dependence on domestic franchise openings to achieve growth.&#160;&#160;As of March 31
 2013
 there were 56
 5 and 5 international stores operating in the countries of Canada
 the United Arab Emirates and Japan
 respectively.




















We produce approximately 300 chocolate candies and other confectionery products
 using proprietary recipes developed primarily by our master candy makers. These products include many varieties of clusters
 caramels
 creams
 mints and truffles. We continue to engage in a major effort to expand our product line by developing additional exciting and attractive new products. During the Christmas
 Easter and Valentine's Day holiday seasons
 we may make as many as 130 additional items
 including many candies offered in packages specially designed for the holidays. A typical Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store offers up to 100 of these candies throughout the year and up to an additional 100 during holiday seasons. Individual stores also offer more than 15 premium fudges and other products prepared in the store. On average
 approximately 40% of the revenues of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores are generated by products manufactured at our factory
 55% by products made in individual stores using our recipes and ingredients purchased from us or approved suppliers and the remaining 5% by products such as ice cream
 coffee and other sundries
 purchased from approved suppliers.


Approximately 24% of our product sales result from the sale of products outside of our system of franchised and licensed locations (specialty markets).&#160;&#160;The majority of sales outside our system of franchised and licensed locations are the result of a single customer.&#160;&#160;In the twelve months ended February 28
 2013 this customer represented 80% of total shipments to specialty markets. These products are produced using the same quality ingredients and manufacturing processes as the products sold in our network of retail stores.


We use only the finest chocolates
 nut meats and other wholesome ingredients in our candies and continually strive to offer new confectionery items in order to maintain the excitement and appeal of our products. We develop special packaging for the Christmas
 Valentine's Day and Easter holidays
 and customers can have their purchases packaged in decorative boxes and fancy tins throughout the year.


Chocolate candies that we manufacture are sold at prices ranging from $16.50 to $34.95 per pound
 with an average price of $20.21 per pound. Franchisees set their own retail prices
 though we do recommend prices for all of our products.





We currently establish Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in six primary environments: regional centers
 tourist areas
 outlet centers
 street fronts
 airports and other entertainment-oriented shopping centers. Each of these environments has a number of attractive features
 including high levels of foot traffic.&#160;&#160;Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory domestic franchise locations in operation as of February 28
 2013 include:



































































As of February 28
 2013
 there were Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in approximately 57 regional centers
 including a location in the Mall of America in Bloomington
 Minnesota.&#160;&#160;Although often providing favorable levels of foot traffic
 regional centers typically involve more expensive rent structures and competing food and beverage concepts.





We have established business relationships with most of the major outlet center developers in the United States. Although not all factory outlet centers provide desirable locations for our stores
 we believe our relationships with these developers will provide us with the opportunity to take advantage of attractive sites in new and existing outlet centers.

















Tourist Areas
 Street Fronts and Other Entertainment-Oriented Shopping Centers


As of February 28
 2013
 there were approximately 36 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in locations considered to be tourist areas
 including Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco
 California and the Riverwalk in San Antonio
 Texas. Tourist areas are very attractive locations because they offer high levels of foot traffic and favorable customer spending characteristics
 and greatly increase our visibility and name recognition. We believe significant opportunities exist to expand into additional tourist areas with high levels of foot traffic.





We believe there are a number of other environments that have the characteristics necessary for the successful operation of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores such as airports and sports arenas. Twelve franchised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores exist at airport locations: two at Denver International Airport
 one at Charlotte International Airport
 two at Chicago O&#8217;Hare International Airport
 one at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport
 one at Minneapolis International Airport
 two at Salt Lake City International Airport
 one at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport
 one at Winnipeg International Airport
 and one at Toronto Pearson International Airport.








Our franchising philosophy is one of service and commitment to our franchise system
 and we continuously seek to improve our franchise support services. Our concept has consistently been rated as an outstanding franchise opportunity by publications and organizations rating such opportunities. In January 2011
 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory was rated the number one franchise opportunity in the candy category by Entrepreneur Magazine.&#160;&#160;As of March 31
 2013
 there were 294 franchised stores in the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system.





The majority of new franchises are awarded to persons referred by existing franchisees
 to interested consumers who have visited Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores and to existing franchisees. We also advertise for new franchisees in national and regional newspapers as suitable potential store locations come to our attention. Franchisees are approved by us on the basis of the applicant's net worth and liquidity
 together with an assessment of work ethic and personality compatibility with our operating philosophy.


In FY 1992
 we entered into a franchise development agreement covering Canada with Immaculate Confections
 Ltd. of Vancouver
 British Columbia. Pursuant to this agreement
 Immaculate Confections purchased the exclusive right to franchise and operate Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in Canada. As of March 31
 2013
 Immaculate Confections operated 56 stores under this agreement.


In FY 2000
 we entered into a franchise development agreement covering the Gulf Cooperation Council States of United Arab Emirates
 Qatar
 Bahrain
 Saudi Arabia
 Kuwait and Oman with Al Muhairy Group of United Arab Emirates.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to this agreement
 Al Muhairy Group purchased the exclusive right to franchise and operate Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores in the Gulf Cooperation Council States. As of March 31
 2013
 Al Muhairy Group operated five stores under this agreement.


In August 2009
 we entered into a Master License Agreement with Kahala Franchise Corp.&#160;&#160;Under the terms of the agreement
 select current and future Cold Stone Creamery franchise stores are co-branded with both the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and the Cold Stone Creamery brands.&#160;&#160;Locations developed or modified under the agreement are subject to the approval of both parties. Locations developed or modified under the agreement will remain franchisees of Cold Stone Creamery and will be licensed to offer the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory brand. The agreement runs until the date upon which the last co-branded store ceases to be open for business or unless earlier terminated by an event of either party&#8217;s default. As of March 31
 2013
 Cold Stone Creamery franchisees operated 56 stores under this agreement.


On April 27
 2012
 we entered into a Master Licensing Agreement covering the country of Japan with a strategic partner (the &#8220;Licensee&#8221;) based in Hong Kong. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Licensee will pay the Company a master license fee for the right to open Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores for its own account and for the account of franchisees throughout the country of Japan.&#160;&#160;The master license fee is payable upon the execution of the agreement and annually thereafter or until 100 stores have been opened in the Licensed Territory.&#160;&#160;The agreement requires at least 10 new stores to open each year for 10 years
 for a total minimum of 100 stores in the Licensed Territory by the expiration of the initial term of the agreement. The Company will receive royalties on all retail unit sales opened under the agreement and will generate factory sales as the exclusive provider of confectionary products to the Licensee.&#160;&#160;As of March 31
 2013
 five units were operating under this Agreement.




















Each domestic franchisee owner/operator and each store manager for a domestic franchisee is required to complete a comprehensive training program in store operations and management. We have established a training center at our Durango headquarters in the form of a full-sized replica of a properly configured and merchandised Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory store.&#160;&#160;Topics covered in the training course include our philosophy of store operation and management
 customer service
 merchandising
 pricing
 cooking
 inventory and cost control
 quality standards
 record keeping
 labor scheduling and personnel management. Training is based on standard operating policies and procedures contained in an operations manual provided to all franchisees
 which the franchisee is required to follow by terms of the franchise agreement. Additionally
 and importantly
 trainees are provided with a complete orientation to our operations by working in key factory operational areas and by meeting with members of our senior management.


Our operating objectives include providing knowledge and expertise in merchandising
 marketing and customer service to all front-line store level employees to maximize their skills and ensure that they are fully versed in our proven techniques.


We provide ongoing support to franchisees through our field consultants
 who maintain regular and frequent communication with the stores by phone and by site visits. The field consultants also review and discuss with the franchisee
 store operating results and provide advice and guidance in improving store profitability and in developing and executing store marketing and merchandising programs. We have developed a handbook containing a pre-packaged local store marketing plan
 which allows franchisees to implement cost-effective promotional programs that have proven successful in other Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores.








Operating standards for Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores are set forth in operating manuals. These manuals cover general operations
 factory ordering
 merchandising
 advertising and accounting procedures. Through their regular visits to franchised stores
 our field consultants audit performance and adherence to our standards. We have the right to terminate any franchise agreement for non-compliance with our operating standards. Products sold at the stores and ingredients used in the preparation of products approved for on-site preparation must be purchased from us or from approved suppliers.








Under the current form of domestic Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchise agreement
 franchisees pay us (i) an initial franchise fee for each store
 (ii) royalties based on monthly gross sales
 and (iii) a marketing fee based on monthly gross sales. Franchisees are generally granted exclusive territory with respect to the operation of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores only in the immediate vicinity of their stores. Chocolate and yogurt products not made on the premises by franchisees must be purchased from us or approved suppliers. The franchise agreements require franchisees to comply with our procedures of operation and food quality specifications
 to permit inspections and audits by us and to remodel stores to conform with standards then in effect. We may terminate the franchise agreement upon the failure of the franchisee to comply with the conditions of the agreement and upon the occurrence of certain events
 such as insolvency or bankruptcy of the franchisee or the commission by the franchisee of any unlawful or deceptive practice
 which in our judgment is likely to adversely affect the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory system. Our ability to terminate franchise agreements pursuant to such provisions is subject to applicable bankruptcy and state laws and regulations. See Business&#160;- Regulation.

















The agreements prohibit the transfer or assignment of any interest in a franchise without our prior written consent. The agreements also give us a right of first refusal to purchase any interest in a franchise if a proposed transfer would result in a change of control of that franchise. The refusal right
 if exercised
 would allow us to purchase the interest proposed to be transferred under the same terms and conditions and for the same price as offered by the proposed transferee.


The term of each franchise agreement is ten years
 and franchisees have the right to renew for one additional ten-year term.






We do not provide prospective franchisees with financing for their stores
 but we have developed relationships with several sources of franchisee financing to whom we will refer franchisees. Typically
 franchisees have obtained their own sources of such financing and have not required our assistance.


In FY 2013 we entered into agreements to sell substantially all of our assets in Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&#8220;ALY&#8221;) to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (QTCQB: SWRL).&#160;&#160;We sold six former Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations to U-Swirl
 Inc. in exchange for $900
000 in notes receivable.&#160;&#160;As described within Note 14 to the financial statements contained herein
 we concurrently obtained a 60% ownership interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;In accordance with the principles of consolidation
 the notes have been eliminated upon consolidation.


On January 31
 2013 we sold the remaining two Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations to third parties in exchange for approximately $185
600 of notes receivable.






During FY 2011
 we began a program to finance the remodel costs of a select number of co-branded licensed Cold Stone Creamery locations.&#160;&#160;The financing was provided to existing Cold Stone Creamery franchisees that were required to meet a number of financial qualifications prior to approval.&#160;&#160;At February 28
 2013
 approximately $330
000 was included in notes receivable as a result of this program.





As of March 31
 2013
 there were six Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores. Company-owned stores provide a training ground for Company-owned store personnel and district managers and a controllable testing ground for new products and promotions
 operating and training methods and merchandising techniques
 which may then be incorporated into the franchise store operations.











We manufacture our chocolate candies at our factory in Durango
 Colorado. All products are produced consistent with our philosophy of using only the finest high quality ingredients to achieve our marketing motto of 


We have always believed that we should control the manufacturing of our own chocolate products. By controlling manufacturing
 we can better maintain our high product quality standards
 offer unique
 proprietary products
 manage costs
 control production and shipment schedules and potentially pursue new or under-utilized distribution channels.




















The manufacturing process primarily involves cooking or preparing candy centers
 including nuts
 caramel
 peanut butter
 creams and jellies
 and then coating them with chocolate or other toppings. All of these processes are conducted in carefully controlled temperature ranges
 and we employ strict quality control procedures at every stage of the manufacturing process. We use a combination of manual and automated processes at our factory. Although we believe that it is currently preferable to perform certain manufacturing processes
 such as dipping of some large pieces by hand
 automation increases the speed and efficiency of the manufacturing process. We have from time to time automated processes formerly performed by hand where it has become cost-effective for us to do so without compromising product quality or appearance.


We seek to ensure the freshness of products sold in Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores with frequent shipments. Most Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores do not have significant space for the storage of inventory
 and we encourage franchisees and store managers to order only the quantities that they can reasonably expect to sell within approximately two to four weeks. For these reasons
 we generally do not have a significant backlog of orders.





The principal ingredients used in our products are chocolate
 nuts
 sugar
 corn syrup
 cream and butter. The factory receives shipments of ingredients daily. To ensure the consistency of our products
 we buy ingredients from a limited number of reliable suppliers. In order to assure a continuous supply of chocolate and certain nuts
 we frequently enter into purchase contracts of between six to eighteen months for these products. Because prices for these products may fluctuate
 we may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but we may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall. We have one or more alternative sources for all essential ingredients and therefore believe that the loss of any supplier would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We currently purchase small amounts of finished candy from third parties on a private label basis for sale in Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores.





We operate eight trucks and ship a substantial portion of our products from the factory on our own fleet. Our trucking operations enable us to deliver our products to the stores quickly and cost-effectively. In addition
 we back-haul our own ingredients and supplies
 as well as products from third parties
 on return trips
 which helps achieve even greater efficiencies and cost savings.





We rely primarily on in-store promotion and point-of-purchase materials to promote the sale of our products. The monthly marketing fees collected from franchisees are used by us to develop new packaging and in-store promotion and point-of-purchase materials
 and to create and update our local store marketing handbooks.


We focus on local store marketing efforts by providing customizable marketing materials
 including advertisements
 coupons
 flyers and mail order catalogs generated by our in-house Creative Services department. The department works directly with franchisees to implement local store marketing programs.


We have not historically and do not intend to engage in national traditional media advertising in the near future. Consistent with our commitment to community support
 we aggressively seek opportunities to participate in local and regional events
 sponsorships and charitable causes. This support leverages low cost
 high return publicity opportunities for mutual gain partnerships.&#160;&#160;&#160;Through programs such as Fudge for Troops
 and collaborations with Toys for Tots
 and Sylvan Learning Centers
 we have developed relationships that define our principal platforms
 and contribute to charitable causes that provide great benefits at a national level.


Beginning in 2010
 we initiated a program to leverage the marketing benefits of various social media outlets.&#160;&#160;These low cost marketing opportunities seek to leverage the positive feedback of our customers to expand brand awareness through a customer&#8217;s network of contacts. Complementary to local store marketing efforts
 these networks also provide a medium for us to communicate regularly and authentically with customers.&#160;&#160;When possible
 we work to facilitate direct relationships between our franchisees and their customers. We use social media as a powerful tool to build brand recognition
 increase repeat exposure and enhance dialogue with consumers about their preferences and needs.&#160;&#160;To date
 179 stores have location specific websites and 124 stores have location specific Facebook &#174; pages dedicated to help customers interact directly with their local store.&#160;&#160;Proceeds from the monthly marketing fees collected from franchisees are used by us to facilitate and assist stores in managing their online presence consistent with our brand and marketing efforts.

















Finally
 we have forged a partnership with IMC Licensing for the sole purpose of building a consumer products licensing program to leverage the equity of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory brand.&#160;&#160;These licensed products place our brand &amp; story in front of consumers in environments where they regularly shop but may not be seeing our brand at present.&#160;&#160;The company regularly reviews a list of product opportunities and selectively pursues those we believe will have the greatest impact.&#160;&#160;The most recent example is the announcement of our new Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory Chocolatey Almond breakfast cereal manufactured
 marketed
 and distributed by the nation&#8217;s largest cereal manufacturer.




The retailing of confectionery products is highly competitive. We and our franchisees compete with numerous businesses that offer products similar to those our stores offer. Many of these competitors have greater name recognition and financial
 marketing and other resources than us. In addition
 there is intense competition among retailers for real estate sites
 store personnel and qualified franchisees.


We believe that our principal competitive strengths lie in our name recognition and our reputation for the quality
 value
 variety and taste of our products and the special ambiance of our stores; our knowledge and experience in applying criteria for selection of new store locations; our expertise in merchandising and marketing of chocolate and other candy products; and the control and training infrastructures we have implemented to assure execution of successful practices and techniques at our store locations. In addition
 by controlling the manufacturing of our own chocolate products
 we can better maintain our high product quality standards for those products
 offer proprietary products
 manage costs
 control production and shipment schedules and pursue new or under-utilized distribution channels.










<font style=FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; face=Symbol



As described in Item 1
 &#8220;Business&#8221; above
 on January 14
 2013
 we acquired a 60% majority interest in U-Swirl
 Inc. Beginning on January 14
 2013 and continuing through February 28
 2013
 the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl
 Inc. have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements.&#160;&#160;We have consolidated $1
951
092 of assets
 $945
569 of liabilities and a net operating loss of $320
446 for the year ended February 28
 2013.&#160;&#160;All material inter-Company balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

&#160;(Amounts in thousands
 except per share data)






YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 28 or 29






































36
315



34
627



31
128



28
437



28
539







2
540



5
853



5
950



5
671



5
819







1
478



3
876



3
911



3
580



3
719













































































6
079



6
111



6
051



6
013



5
985



Weighted average common shares outstanding
 assuming dilution



6
219



6
295



6
290



6
210



6
157































8
981



10
573



9
831



8
930



7
371







23
834



24
163



21
439



18
920



16
841







17
389



18
736



16
654



14
731



13
242




























































We continued to experience this difficult environment throughout FY 2010 and FY 2011. The environment somewhat improved in FY 2012 and FY 2013
 though we do not believe that the challenges have fully reversed.&#160;&#160;As a result
 we have and will continue to focus on managing the business in a seasoned
 disciplined and controlled manner.


Going forward in FY 2014
 we are taking a conservative view of market conditions in the United States. We will continue to focus on our long-term objectives while seeking to maintain flexibility to respond to market conditions
 including the pursuit of international growth opportunities to reduce our dependence on the domestic economy.


We are a product-based international franchisor. Our revenues and profitability are derived principally from our franchised system of retail stores that feature chocolate and other confectionery products. We also sell our candy in selected locations outside our system of retail stores to build brand awareness. We operate six Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory retail units as a laboratory to test marketing
 design and operational initiatives.


We are subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales because of the location of our franchisees
 which have traditionally been located in resort or tourist locations.&#160;&#160;As we expand our geographical diversity to include regional centers
 we have seen some moderation to our seasonal sales mix. Seasonal fluctuation in sales causes fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. Historically
 the strongest sales of our products have occurred during key holidays and summer vacation seasons. Additionally
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and sales of franchises. Because of the seasonality of our business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.

















The most important factors in continued growth in our earnings are ongoing unit growth
 increased same store sales and increased same store pounds purchased from the factory.&#160;&#160;Historically
 unit growth has more than offset decreases in same store sales and same store pounds purchased.





Efforts to reverse the decline in same store pounds purchased from the factory by franchised stores and to increase total factory sales depend on many factors
 including new store openings
 competition
 the receptivity of our franchise system to our product introductions and promotional programs. In FY 2013
 same store pounds purchased from the factory by franchised stores declined approximately 5.0% in the first quarter
 declined approximately 1.3% in the second quarter
 increased approximately 5.4% in the third quarter
 declined approximately 6.2% in the fourth quarter
 and declined approximately 0.6% overall in FY 2013 as compared to the same periods in FY 2012.


In May 2009
 we announced the expansion of the co-branding test relationship with Cold Stone Creamery.&#160;&#160;The Company and Cold Stone Creamery
 Inc. have agreed to expand the co-branding relationship to several hundred potential locations
 based upon the performance of several test locations
 operating under the test agreement announced in October 2008. We believe that if this co-branding strategy proves financially viable it could represent a significant future growth opportunity.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013
 licensees operated 55 co-branded locations.


On April 30
 2012 we announced the execution of a Master Licensing Agreement covering the country of Japan. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the Licensee will pay the Company a Master License Fee for the right to open Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores for its own account and for the account of franchisees throughout the country of Japan. The Agreement requires at least 10 new stores to open each year for 10 years
 for a total minimum of 100 stores in the Licensed Territory by the expiration of the initial term of the Agreement.&#160;&#160;As of March 31
 2013
 five units were operating under the Agreement.



On January 14
 2013
 Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC (&#8220;Newco&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary formed in the State of Colorado on January 2
 2013
 entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of YHI
 Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC (collectively
 &#8220;Yogurtini&#8221;)
 which are the franchisors of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units branded as &#8220;Yogurtini.&#8221;&#160;&#160;In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 we entered into two agreements to sell all of our membership interests in Newco and substantially all of our assets in Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&#8220;ALY&#8221;) to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (QTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;Upon completion of these transactions
 we ceased to operate any Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations or sell and support franchise locations.


We believe that the acquisition of 60% controlling interest in U-Swirl
 Inc. will provide us with the ability to reverse operating losses incurred by the development and operation of Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC and provide an opportunity to continue to expand our presence in the self-serve frozen yogurt industry.&#160;&#160;Our ability to execute on this strategy is dependant upon continued expansion of the franchise network of U-Swirl
 Inc. and the success of their franchisees.






Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses and the related disclosures. Estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 the carrying value of accounts and notes receivable from franchisees
 inventories
 the useful lives of fixed assets
 goodwill
 and other intangible assets
 income taxes
 contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on analyses
 of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

















We believe that the following represent our more critical estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements
 although not all inclusive.


- In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
 primarily franchisees
 that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. We believe that we have a limited concentration of credit risk primarily because our receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which we ordinarily extend credit
 including
 but not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which we perform our analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future.


We recorded an average expense of approximately $292
300 per year for potential uncollectible accounts over the three-year period ended February 28
 2013. Write-offs of uncollectible accounts net of recoveries averaged approximately $238
900 over the same period. The provision for uncollectible accounts is recognized as general and administrative expense in the Statements of Income. Over the past three years
 the allowances for doubtful notes and accounts have ranged from 6.5% to 11.5% of gross receivables.


 - We recognize revenue on sales of products to franchisees and other customers at the time of delivery. Franchise fee revenue is recognized upon the opening of the store.&#160;&#160;We also recognize a marketing and promotion fee of one percent (1%) of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised stores&#8217; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. Beginning with franchise store openings in the third quarter of fiscal year 2004
 we modified our royalty structure.&#160;&#160;Under the current structure
 we recognize no royalty on franchised stores&#8217; retail sales of products purchased from us and recognize a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of product sold at franchise locations. For franchise stores opened prior to the third quarter of FY 2004 we recognize a royalty fee of five percent (5%) of franchised stores&#8217; gross retail sales.&#160;&#160;Rebates received from purveyors that supply products to our franchisees are included in franchise royalties and fees. Product rebates are recognized in the period in which they are earned. Rebates related to company-owned locations are offset against operating costs.


- Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value and are reduced by an allowance for slow-moving
 excess
 discontinued and shelf-life expired inventories. Our estimate for such allowance is based on our review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and demand for our products. Such review encompasses not only potentially perishable inventories but also specialty packaging
 much of it specific to certain holiday seasons. If actual future usage and demand for our products are less favorable than those projected by our review
 inventory reserve adjustments may be required. We closely monitor our inventory
 both perishable and non-perishable
 and related shelf and product lives. Historically we have experienced low levels of obsolete inventory or returns of products that have exceeded their shelf life. Over the three-year period ended February 28
 2013
 the Company recorded expense averaging $60
000 per year for potential inventory losses
 or approximately 0.3% of total cost of sales for that period.



The management of RMCF accounts for the activities of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and our wholly owned subsidiary
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC.&#160;&#160;On January 14
 2013 we acquired a 60% majority interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (QTCQB: SWRL).&#160;&#160;Prior to January 14
 2013 our financial statements exclude the financial information of U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;The management of U-Swirl
 Inc. separately accounts for the activities of U-Swirl
 Inc. utilizing critical accounting policies substantially the same as those of RMCF.&#160;&#160;Beginning on January 14
 2013 and continuing through February 28
 2013
 the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl
 Inc. have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements.&#160;&#160;We have consolidated $1
951
092 of assets
 $945
569 of liabilities and a net operating loss of $320
446 for the year ended February 28
 2013.&#160;&#160;All material inter-Company balances have been eliminated upon consolidation



&#8211; Goodwill consists of the excess of purchase price over the fair market value of acquired assets and liabilities. Effective March 1
 2002
 under ASC Topic 350
 all goodwill with indefinite lives is no longer subject to amortization. ASC Topic 350 requires that an impairment test be conducted annually or in the event of an impairment indicator. Our test conducted in FY 2013 showed no impairment of our goodwill.



















Other accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of the Company's financial statements include estimates associated with its evaluation of the recoverability of deferred tax assets
 as well as those used in the determination of liabilities related to litigation and taxation. Various assumptions and other factors underlie the determination of these significant estimates. The process of determining significant estimates is fact specific and takes into account factors such as historical experience
 current and expected economic conditions
 and product mix. The Company constantly re-evaluates these significant factors and makes adjustments where facts and circumstances dictate. Historically
 actual results have not significantly deviated from those determined using the estimates described above.











Basic earnings per share decreased 61.9% from $.63 in FY 2012 to $.24 in FY 2013. Revenues increased 4.9% from $34.6 million for FY 2012 to $36.3 million for FY 2013. Operating income decreased 57.6% from $5.9 million in FY 2012 to $2.5 million in FY 2013. Net income decreased 61.5% from $3.9 million in FY 2012 to $1.5 million in FY 2013. The decrease in operating income and net income for FY 2013 compared to FY 2012 is due primarily to a loss on the sale of long lived assets associated with the sale of certain Aspen Leaf Yogurt long-lived assets and restructuring charges associated with the acquisition of a 60% majority interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.



































24
651.5



23
597.1



1
054.4











5
492.6



5
278.5















5
876.9



5
495.6



































36
315.2



34
626.9



1
688.3




















The increase in retail sales in FY 2013 compared to FY 2012 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of Company-owned stores in operation as a result of Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations in operation for the full year
 partially offset by the sale of three Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory locations during the year and the closing of one Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory location. Same-store sales at Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores increased 1.7% in FY 2013 compared to FY 2012.


Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


Royalties and marketing fees increased 6.9% in FY 2013 compared with FY 2012 as a result of an increase in royalties based on the Company&#8217;s purchase based royalty structure
 an increase in same store sales and an increase in royalties from co-branded locations
 partially offset by a decrease in domestic franchise units.&#160;&#160;Same store sales at franchise locations increased 0.2% during FY 2013 compared to FY 2012.&#160;&#160;Average licensed locations in operation increased from 45 units FY 2012 to 53 units in FY 2013.&#160;&#160;The average number of domestic units in operation decreased 3.7% from 245 in FY 2012 to 236 in FY 2013. The increase in franchise fee revenue during FY 2013
 compared with the prior year period was the result of an increase in international license fees partially offset by a decrease in domestic franchise openings from 12 during FY 2012 to 10 openings during FY 2013.

































































16
803.9



16
150.9















2
151.2



2
158.3















2
080.1



1
796.5















1
939.0



1
683.7















3
846.9



3
044.6















3
371.7



3
189.2















30
192.8



28
023.2



2
169.6






































7
847.6



7
446.2















3
341.4



3
120.2















11
189.0



10
566.4


















































































Adjusted gross margin
 a non-GAAP measure
 is equal to the sum of our factory adjusted gross margin plus our retail gross margin calculated in accordance with GAAP.&#160;&#160;Factory adjusted gross margin is equal to factory gross margin minus depreciation and amortization expense.&#160;&#160;We believe adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin is helpful in understanding our past performance as a supplement to gross margin and factory gross margin and other performance measures calculated in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP).&#160;&#160;We believe that adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin are useful to investors because it provides a measure of operating performance and our ability to generate cash that is unaffected by non-cash accounting measures.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin rather than gross margin and factory gross margin to make incremental pricing decisions.&#160;&#160;Adjusted to gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin have limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for any measure reported under GAAP.&#160;&#160;Our use of capital assets makes depreciation and amortization expense a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate income.&#160;&#160;Due to these limitations
 we use adjusted gross margin and factory adjusted gross margin as a measure of performance only in conjunction with GAAP measures of performance such as gross margin and factory gross margin.&#160;&#160;The following table provides a reconciliation of factory adjusted gross margin to factory gross margin
 the most comparable performance measure under GAAP:
























7
847.6



7
446.2



















7
561.0



7
167.9








Factory margins were approximately unchanged
 increasing 20 basis points in FY 2013 compared with FY 2012.&#160;&#160;The increase in Company-owned store margin is due primarily to lower costs associated with Aspen Leaf Yogurt grand openings
 a change in the number of Company-owned stores in operation
 and the associated change in product mix.





The increase in franchise costs for FY 2013 compared to FY 2012 is due primarily to an increase in travel and support costs associated with our international development initiative
 an increase in franchise opportunity advertising costs and an increase in compensation related costs. As a percentage of total royalty and marketing fees and franchise fee revenue
 franchise costs increased to 33.7% in the FY 2013 from 31.2% in FY 2012. This increase as a percentage of royalty
 marketing and franchise fees is primarily a result of higher franchise costs relative to revenues.

























The increase in general and administrative expense in FY 2013 compared to FY 2012 is due primarily to costs associated with restructuring of Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 an increase in compensation costs and an increase in travel costs associated with our international development initiative.&#160;&#160;As a percentage of total revenues
 general and administrative expenses increased to 10.6% in FY 2013 compared to 8.8% in FY 2012.





The increase in retail operating expenses was due to an increase in the average number of Company-owned stores in operation as a result of Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations in operation for the full year
 partially offset by the sale of three Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory locations during the year and the closing of one Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory location.&#160;&#160;For FY 2013
 a pre-restructuring operating loss of approximately $713
000 compared to an operating loss of $586
000 during FY 2012 was incurred related to the opening and operation of Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations.&#160;&#160;Retail operating expenses
 as a percentage of retail sales
 increased from 60.4% in FY 2012 to 61.4% in FY 2013.





Depreciation and amortization of $935
000 in FY 2013 increased 24.6% from the $751
000 incurred in FY 2012 due to an increase in the number of Company-owned stores in operation and the depreciation expense associated with those assets.





Interest income of approximately $44
000 realized in FY 2013 represents a decrease of $15
000 from the $59
000 realized in FY 2012 due to lower balances of notes receivable.





Our effective income tax rate in FY 2013 was 47.7% which is an increase of 13.3% compared to an effective rate of 34.4% during FY 2012.&#160;&#160;As described further in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 the increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the tax consequences of acquiring a 60% majority interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.












































23
597.1



21
627.6



1
969.5











5
278.5



3
716.5



1
562.0











5
495.6



5
456.6



































34
626.9



31
128.0



3
498.9

































The increase in retail sales in FY 2012 compared to FY 2011 was primarily due to an increase in the average sales volume and the average number of Company-owned stores in operation as a result of the opening of eight Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations and one Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory location
 partially offset by the sale of three Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory locations during the year. Same-store sales at Company-owned stores increased 6.8% in FY 2012 compared to FY 2011.


Royalties
 Marketing Fees and Franchise Fees


Royalties and marketing fees were approximately unchanged during FY 2012 compared to FY 2011 as a result of an increase in franchise same store sales and an increase in the number of Cold Stone Creamery co-branded locations in operation
 offset by a decline in the average number of domestic franchise units in operation.&#160;&#160;The average number of domestic franchise units in operation decreased 3.9% from 255 in FY 2011 to 245 in FY 2012. Same store sales at franchise locations increased 1.1% in FY 2012 compared to FY 2011. Franchise fee revenues during FY 2012 decreased 21.9% as a result of a decrease in the average franchise fee per unit
 associated with a lower franchise fee for ALY locations and a decrease in licensed
 co-branded
 location openings from 22 in FY 2011 to 10 openings in FY 2012.















































16
150.9



14
784.7



1
366.2











2
158.3



1
443.5















1
796.5



1
575.8















1
683.7



1
594.8















3
044.6



2
691.7















3
189.2



2
416.8















28
023.2



24
507.3



3
515.9



































7
446.2



6
842.9















3
120.2



2
273.0















10
566.4



9
115.9



1
450.5



























































































Factory adjusted gross margin is equal to factory gross margin minus depreciation and amortization expense.&#160;&#160;We believe factory adjusted gross margin is helpful in understanding our past performance as a supplement to factory gross margin and other performance measures calculated in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP).&#160;&#160;We believe that factory adjusted gross margin is useful to investors because it provides a measure of operating performance and our ability to generate cash that is unaffected by non-cash accounting measures.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 we use factory adjusted gross margin rather than factory gross margin to make incremental pricing decisions.&#160;&#160;Factory adjusted gross margin has limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for any measure reported under GAAP.&#160;&#160;Our use of capital assets makes depreciation and amortization expense a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate income.&#160;&#160;Due to these limitations
 we use factory adjusted gross margin as a measure of performance only in conjunction with GAAP measures of performance such as factory gross margin.&#160;&#160;The following table provides a reconciliation of factory adjusted gross margin to factory gross margin
 the most comparable performance measure under GAAP:
























7
446.2



6
842.9



















7
167.9



6
521.7






















Factory margins were unchanged in FY 2012 compared with FY 2011.&#160;&#160;The decrease in Company-owned store margin is due primarily to costs associated with Aspen Leaf Yogurt grand openings
 a change in the number of Company-owned stores in operation
 and the associated change in product mix.





The increase in franchise costs for FY 2012 compared to FY 2011 is due primarily to an increase in compensation related costs associated with additional franchise personnel and costs associated with site selection and development of Aspen Leaf Yogurt. As a percentage of total royalty and marketing fees and franchise fee revenue
 franchise costs increased to 31.2% in the FY 2012 from 27.2% in FY 2011. This increase as a percentage of royalty
 marketing and franchise fees is primarily a result of higher franchise costs relative to revenues.











The increase in general and administrative expense in FY 2012 compared to FY 2011 is due to an increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts and notes receivable
 costs associated with site selection and development of Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 and stock-based compensation expense.&#160;&#160;As a percentage of total revenues
 general and administrative expenses increased to 8.8% in FY 2012 compared to 8.6% in FY 2011.





The increase in retail operating expenses was due to an increase in the average number of Company-owned stores in operation as a result of the opening of eight Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations and one Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory location
 partially offset by the sale of three Company-owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory stores.&#160;&#160;For FY 2012
 an operating loss of approximately $586
000 was incurred related to the opening and operation of Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations.&#160;&#160;Retail operating expenses
 as a percentage of retail sales
 decreased from 65.0% in FY 2011 to 60.4% in FY 2012.





Depreciation and amortization of $751
000 in FY 2012 increased 12.0% from the $670
000 incurred in FY 2011 due to an increase in the number of Company-owned stores in operation partially offset by certain assets becoming fully depreciated.





Interest income was approximately unchanged during FY 2012
 compared to FY 2011.&#160;&#160;Interest income of $58
900 and $58
700 related to notes receivable was realized in FY 2012 and FY 2011
 respectively.











As of February 28
 2013
 working capital was $9.0 million compared with $10.6 million as of February 29
 2012.&#160;&#160;The change in working capital was due primarily to our operating results
 the payment of $2.6 million in cash dividends and the repurchase of $1.7 million of common stock.


Cash and cash equivalent balances increased from $4.1 million as of February 29
 2012 to $5.3 million as of February 28
 2013 as a result of cash flows generated by operating activities&#160;&#160;being less than cash flows used in financing and investing activities. The Company&#8217;s current ratio was 2.6 to 1 at February 28
 2013 in comparison with 3.98 to 1 at February 29
 2012. The Company monitors current and anticipated future levels of cash and cash equivalents in relation to anticipated operating
 financing and investing requirements.

















The Company has a $5 million credit line
 of which $5 million was available (subject to certain borrowing base limitations) as of February 28
 2013
 secured by substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets except retail store assets. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At February 28
 2013 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in July 2013.


In November 2012
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt executed a promissory note for $2.5 million in order to establish a line of credit for the funding of the potential expansion of Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations.&#160;&#160;The line of credit was guaranteed by Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. At the request of the Company
 upon the sale of substantially all assets of Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 this promissory note was cancelled and no amount is outstanding at February 28
 2013.


The table below presents significant contractual obligations of the Company at February 28
 2013.






















































































1
354























2
494







1
185















3
848



1
197



1
725











For FY 2013
 the Company anticipates making capital expenditures of approximately $1
500
000
which will be used to maintain and improve existing factory and administrative infrastructure and update certain Company-owned stores. The Company believes that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund capital expenditures and working capital requirements for FY 2013. If necessary
 the Company has an available bank line of credit to help meet these requirements.





As of February 28
 2013 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements or obligations.





Inflationary factors such as increases in the costs of ingredients and labor directly affect the Company's operations.&#160;&#160;Most of the Company's leases provide for cost-of-living adjustments and require it to pay taxes
 insurance and maintenance expenses
 all of which are subject to inflation. Additionally
 the Company&#8217;s future lease cost for new facilities may include potentially escalating costs of real estate and construction. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to pass on increased costs to its customers.


Depreciation expense is based on the historical cost to the Company of its fixed assets
 and is therefore potentially less than it would be if it were based on current replacement cost. While property and equipment acquired in prior years will ultimately have to be replaced at higher prices
 it is expected that replacement will be a gradual process over many years.





The Company is subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales
 which cause fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. Historically
 the strongest sales of the Company&#8217;s products have occurred during key holidays and the summer vacation season. In addition
 quarterly results have been
 and in the future are likely to be
 affected by the timing of new store openings and sales of franchises. Because of the seasonality of the Company&#8217;s business and the impact of new store openings and sales of franchises
 results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in other quarters or for a full fiscal year.




















The Company does not engage in commodity futures trading or hedging activities and does not enter into derivative financial instrument transactions for trading or other speculative purposes. The Company also does not engage in transactions in foreign currencies or in interest rate swap transactions that could expose the Company to market risk. However
 the Company is exposed to some commodity price and interest rate risks.


The Company frequently enters into purchase contracts of between six to eighteen months for chocolate and certain nuts. These contracts permit the Company to purchase the specified commodity at a fixed price on an as-needed basis during the term of the contract. Because prices for these products may fluctuate
 the Company may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013
 based on future contractual obligations for chocolate products
 we estimate that a 10.0% increase or decrease in the prices of cocoa would result in a $242
000 favorable or unfavorable price benefit or cost resulting from our contracts.


The Company has a $5 million bank line of credit that bears interest at a variable rate.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013
 no amount was outstanding under the line of credit. We do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk related to this credit facility.


















































































































Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Durango
 Colorado




We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of February 28
 2013 and February 29
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 28
 2013 our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;These consolidated financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management.&#160;&#160;Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and schedule based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&#160;&#160;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.&#160;&#160;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting (&#8220;Internal Control&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Our audits included consideration of Internal Control as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s Internal Control.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160;&#160;An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.&#160;&#160;We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of February 28
 2013 and February 29
 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 28
 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.&#160;&#160;Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth herein.





May 29
 2013
Denver
 Colorado

















ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
















































30
144
059



28
875
629



25
344
079







6
171
142



5
751
263



5
783
892







36
315
201



34
626
892



31
127
971

































Cost of sales
 exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of $286
541
 $278
266 and $321
191
 respectively



18
955
136



18
309
236



16
228
237







2
080
128



1
796
492



1
575
817







1
939
006



1
683
646



1
594
796







3
846
940



3
044
569



2
691
640







3
371
702



3
189
215



2
416
798







935
377



750
860



670
321







2
011
917















635
168





























33
775
374



28
774
018



25
177
609





















2
539
827



5
852
874



5
950
362





















43
667



58
904



58
697





















2
583
494



5
911
778



6
009
059





















1
233
460



2
035
746



2
098
218





















1
350
034



3
876
032



3
910
841







(128
178















1
478
212



3
876
032



3
910
841

















































































6
078
575



6
111
480



6
050
985







140
426



183
599



239
160



Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding
 Assuming Dilution



6
219
001



6
295
079



6
290
145






















ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC.

















































5
321
696



4
125
444



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $507
806 and $488
448
 respectively



3
916
320



4
078
158




Notes receivable
 current portion
 less current portion of the valuation allowance of $10
382 and $0
 respectively




197
078



283
225











724
911



Inventories
 less reserve for slow moving inventory of $253
148 and $249
500
 respectively



4
221
036



4
119
073







628
633



487
274







259
170



281
282







14
543
933



14
099
367













Property and Equipment
 Net



6
777
143



8
515
644

























Notes receivable
 less current portion and allowance for doubtful accounts of $37
400 and $95
703
 respectively



469
362



344
474



Goodwill
 net



1
046
944



1
046
944







800
000







Intangible assets
 net







22
111







195
928



134
430







2
512
869



1
547
959

















23
833
945



24
162
970







































1
998
897



1
355
818







1
184
739



653
276







1
294
487



760
860







667
532



616
239







417
484



156
000







5
563
139



3
542
193

















881
694



1
884
957















































Preferred stock
 $.10 par value; 250
000 authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding











Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
authorized 50
000 shares











Undesignated series
 authorized 200
000 shares











Common stock
 $.03 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 6
068
470 and 6
162
389&#160;&#160;shares issued and outstanding
 respectively



182
054



184
872







7
559
442



8
712
743







8
642
093



9
838
205







1
005
523











17
389
112



18
735
820

















23
833
945



24
162
970






















ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
















































184
872



182
099



180
808







(4
899



























Exercise of stock options
 vesting of restricted stock units and other



1
961



2
653



1
171







182
054



184
872



182
099





































8
712
743



8
060
041



7
626
602







(1
710
453















37
080



41
200



37
880



Exercise of stock options
 vesting of restricted stock units and other



461
695



586
540



384
364







58
377



24
962



11
195







7
559
442



8
712
743



8
060
041





































9
838
205



8
411
975



6
923
927







1
478
212



3
876
032



3
910
841







(2
674
324



(2
449
802



(2
422
793







8
642
093



9
838
205



8
411
975





















































(128
178















664
612















469
089















1
005
523





























17
389
112



18
735
820



16
654
115





































6
162
389



6
069
976



6
026
938







(163
300















4
000



4
000



4
000



Exercise of stock options
 vesting of restricted stock units and other



65
381



88
413



39
038







6
068
470



6
162
389



6
069
976



































ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC.
















































1
478
212



3
876
032



3
910
841























935
377



750
860



670
321







330
000



352
000



195
000







60
000



60
000



60
000







172
000



28
000











1
994
069



27
153











418
633



457
449



413
659







(1
144
622



733
875



230
628























(235
345



479
099



(643
735







724
911



(605
023



(119
888







98
478



154
143



(902
741







18
664



(11
137



(68
283







513
119



(197
772



336
249







1
065
090



147
782



(326
332







(58
516



(105
410



40
472







6
370
070



6
147
051



3
795
726





































(285
191



(102
529



(591
852







113
633



226
896



94
495







888
700



52
800



18
652



Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired and franchise rights



(1
688















(800
000















(148
618



(40
092



(20
445







(742
871



(3
260
638



(1
297
761







(976
035



(3
123
563



(1
796
911





































(1
715
352















82
223



173
064



9
876







58
377



24
962



11
195







(2
623
031



(2
440
560



(2
418
488







(4
197
783



(2
242
534



(2
397
417





















1
196
252



780
954



(398
602





















4
125
444



3
344
490



3
743
092





















5
321
696



4
125
444



3
344
490






















ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES









The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Aspen Leaf&#160;&#160;Yogurt
 LLC and it&#8217;s majority-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc. (collectively
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;).&#160;&#160;All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (&#8220;RMCF&#8221;) is an international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and retail operator in the United States
 Canada
 Japan and the United Arab Emirates. RMCF manufactures an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products.


Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&#8220;ALY&#8221;) was incorporated in the state of Colorado as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 Inc. on September 30
 2010 and organized through conversion as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC on October 14
 2010.&#160;&#160;ALY was a franchisor and retail operator of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units until the sale of substantially all assets in January
 2013.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013 the Company had ceased to operate any Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations
 or sell and support franchise locations.


On January 14
 2013
 Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC (&#8220;Newco&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company formed in the State of Colorado on January 2
 2013
 entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the franchise rights of YHI
 Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC (collectively
 &#8220;Yogurtini&#8221;)
 which are the franchisors of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units branded as &#8220;Yogurtini.&#8221;&#160;&#160;In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 the Company entered into two agreements to sell all of its membership interests in Newco and substantially all of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. is in the business of offering consumers frozen desserts such as yogurt and sorbet.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl launched a national chain of self-serve frozen yogurt caf&#233;s called U-Swirl Frozen Yogurt and are franchising this concept.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl has built and operates caf&#233;s owned and operated by U-Swirl
 Inc. (&#8220;Company-owned&#8221;) and franchises to others the right to own and operate U-Swirl caf&#233;s.&#160;&#160;It also franchises and operates self-serve frozen yogurt cafes under the name &#8220;Yogurtini&#8221; and &#8220;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&#8221; as a result of the transactions described above.


The Company&#8217;s revenues are currently derived from three principal sources: sales to franchisees and others of chocolates and other confectionery products manufactured by the Company; the collection of initial franchise fees and royalties from franchisees&#8217; sales; and sales at Company-owned stores of chocolates
 frozen yogurt
 and other confectionery products. The following table summarizes the number of stores operating under RMCF and its subsidiaries at February 28
 2013:








Sold
 Not Yet Open











































































































U-Swirl
 Inc. Stores (Including Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt)




































































The management of RMCF accounts for the activities of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC. As described above
 on January 14
 2013
 the Company acquired a 60% majority interest in U-Swirl
 Inc. Prior to January 14
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s financial statements exclude the financial information of U-Swirl
 Inc. The management of U Swirl
 Inc. separately accounts for the activities of U-Swirl
 Inc. utilizing critical accounting policies substantially the same as those of RMCF. Beginning on January 14
 2013 and continuing through February 28
 2013
 the results of operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl
 Inc. have been included in these Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company has consolidated $1
951
092 of assets
 $945
569 of liabilities and a net operating loss of $320
446 of U-Swirl
 Inc. for the year ended February 28
 2013.




The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of six months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies certain instruments with a maturity of between three and six months to be cash equivalents because these instruments allow for early termination with minimal penalty and are readily convertible to known amounts of cash.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013 and February 29
 2012
 the Company held a Certificate of Deposit with an original maturity date of six-months totaling $108
000 and classified this amount as a cash equivalent.&#160;&#160;The Company continually monitors its positions with
 and the credit quality of
 the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately $4.5 million at February 28
 2013.




















In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
 primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Company believes that it has limited concentration of credit risk primarily because its receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation of the impact of current and projected economic conditions. The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
 customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and geographic market factors relevant to projected performance. The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely to change in the future.&#160;&#160;At February 28
 2013
 the Company has $714
222 of notes receivable outstanding and an allowance for doubtful accounts of $47
782 associated with these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear interest rates ranging from 6% to 8%. The notes mature through April
 2018 and approximately $618
000 of notes receivable are secured by the assets financed.





Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. An inventory reserve is established to reduce the cost of obsolete
 damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or market based on actual differences.&#160;&#160;This inventory reserve is determined through analysis of items held in inventory
 and
 if the value of those items at cost is higher than their market value
 the Company records an expense to reduce inventory to its actual market value.&#160;&#160;The process by which the Company performs its analysis is conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
 among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and future sales potential.&#160;&#160;Cost is determined using the first-in
 first-out method.





Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful life of the asset
 which range from five to thirty-nine years.&#160;&#160;Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of the improvements
 whichever is shorter.


The Company reviews its long-lived assets through analysis of estimated fair value
 including identifiable intangible assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company&#8217;s policy is to review the recoverability of all assets
 at a minimum
 on an annual basis.











Goodwill arose from two transaction types. The first type was the result of the incorporation of the Company after its inception as a partnership. The goodwill recorded was the excess of the purchase price of the Company over the fair value of its assets. The Company has allocated this goodwill equally between its Franchising and Manufacturing operations. The second type was the purchase of various retail stores
 either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase price was in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired.


The Company performs a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its fair value. Recoverability of goodwill is evaluated through comparison of the fair value of each of our reporting units with its carrying value. To the extent that a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds the implied fair value of its goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized. The Company performed impairment testing with no impact to its financial results for the years ended February 28 or 29
 2013 and 2012.





















Franchise rights arose from the entry into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the franchise rights of Yogurtini as described above. In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 the Company entered into agreements to sell substantially all of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;Upon completion of these transactions U-Swirl
 Inc. operated 12 Company-owned stores and 58 franchised U-Swirl locations formerly franchised as Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations.





The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for the potential liabilities for workers&#8217; compensation
 general liability
 property insurance
 director and officers&#8217; liability insurance
 vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other assumptions. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate
 the estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.





Sales of products to franchisees and other customers are recognized at the time of delivery.&#160;&#160;Sales of products to franchisees and other customers are made at standard prices
 without any bargain sales of equipment or supplies. Sales of products at retail stores are recognized at the time of sale.

















Franchise fee revenue is recognized upon opening of the franchise store. In addition to the initial franchise fee
 the Company also recognizes a marketing and promotion fee of one percent (1%) of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised stores&#8217; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on gross retail sales. Beginning with franchise store openings in the third quarter of FY 2004
 the Company modified its royalty structure.&#160;&#160;Under the current structure
 the Company recognizes no royalty on franchised stores&#8217; retail sales of products purchased from the Company and recognizes a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of product sold at franchise locations. For franchise stores opened prior to the third quarter of FY 2004 the Company recognizes a royalty fee of five percent (5%) of franchised stores&#8217; gross retail sales.





In preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements
 and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





Revenue from one customer of the Company&#8217;s Manufacturing segment represented approximately $4.8 million or 13% of the Company&#8217;s revenues during year ended February 28
 2013.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s future results may be adversely impacted by a change in the purchases of this customer.




















At February 28
 2013
 the Company had stock-based compensation plans for employees and non-employee directors which authorized the granting of stock awards.


The Company recognized $418
633
 $457
449
 and $413
659 related equity-based compensation expense during the years ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Compensation costs related to share-based compensation are generally amortized over the vesting period.


Tax benefits in excess of the compensation cost recognized for stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax benefit included in net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $58
377
 $24
962 and $11
195
 respectively.


2013
 the Company did not grant any restricted stock units compared with 4
540 restricted common stock units granted in the prior year with a grant date fair value of $41
721
2013.&#160;&#160;The restricted stock unit grants generally vest 20% annually over a period of five years.&#160;&#160;The Company recognized $381
2013 compared with $404
2012. Total unrecognized compensation expense of non-vested
 non-forfeited shares granted
 as of February 28
 2013 was $282
979
 which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 1.1 years.


During the FY 2013
 the Company issued 4
000 fully-vested
 unrestricted shares to non-employee directors compared with 4
000 fully-vested
 unrestricted shares of stock and 12
936 shares of stock options issued to non-employee directors in FY 2012. In connection with these non-employee director stock issuances
 the Company recognized $37
200 and $52
886 of stock-based compensation expense during FY 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


















 or 29





































































Basic earnings per share is computed as net earnings divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each year. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through stock options and restricted stock units. During 2013
 2012 and 2011
 101
661
 117
437
 and 116
004
 respectively
 stock options were excluded from diluted shares as their effect was anti-dilutive.






The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Total advertising expense for Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory amounted to $233
731
 $235
282
 and $302
817 for the fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 
 and 2011
 respectively. Total advertising expense for Aspen Leaf Yogurt amounted to $192
088
 $85
147
 and $43
969 for the fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 
 and 2011
 respectively.





The Company&#8217;s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 payables
 and notes receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates the carrying value
 because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments.





In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. The amendments permit an entity first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test in accordance with Subtopic 350-30
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-General Intangibles Other than Goodwill. Determining that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired will require quantitative impairment testing
 otherwise
 no further action will be required. This ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt the amendments during its fiscal year ending February 28
 2014.&#160;&#160;The adoption is not expected to have an impact on the Company&#8217;s Fiscal 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements.











































2
531
559



2
484
796







1
590
966



1
634
277



U-Swirl
 Inc. food and packaging



98
511











4
221
036



4
119
073





NOTE 3 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

























513
618



513
618







4
764
005



4
700
905







8
864
126



8
580
960







1
024
261



1
614
484







1
930
991



2
064
345







392
755



360
582















17
489
756



17
834
894

















10
712
613



9
319
250













Property and equipment
 net



6
777
143



8
515
644













At February 28
 2013
 the Company had a $5 million line of credit from a bank
 collateralized by substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets with the exception of the Company&#8217;s retail store assets. Draws may be made under the line at 75% of eligible accounts receivable plus 50% of eligible inventories. Interest on borrowings is at prime less 50 basis points or at 5.0%
 whichever is greater (5.0% at February 28
 2013). At February 28
 2013
 $5 million was available for borrowings under the line of credit
 subject to borrowing base limitations. Terms of the line require that the line be rested (that is
 that there be no outstanding balance) for a period of 30 consecutive days during the term of the loan. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At February 28
 2013 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in July 2013 and we believe it is likely to be renewed at terms similar to current terms.


In November 2012
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt executed a promissory note for $2.5 million in order to establish a line of credit for the funding of the potential expansion of Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations.&#160;&#160;The line of credit was guaranteed by Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. At the request of the Company
 upon the sale of substantially all assets of Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 this promissory note was cancelled and no amount is outstanding at February 28
 2013.


































268
000







194
000







78
000







38
000







40
000







75
000







693
000





In some instances the Company has leased space for its Company-owned locations that are now occupied by franchisees
 or majority owned subsidiaries. When the Company-owned location was sold or transferred
 the store was subleased to the franchisee who is responsible for the monthly rent and other obligations under the lease. The Company's liability as primary lessee on sublet franchise outlets
 all of which is offset by sublease rentals
 is as follows for the years ending February 28 or 29:










686
000







644
000





541
000





293
000







119
000







212
000







2
495
000

































862
866



834
087



590
962







(157
000



(125
300



(121
600







20
399



17
692



14
377





726
265



726
479



483
739




In FY 2013
 the Company renewed an operating lease for warehouse space in the immediate vicinity of its manufacturing operation.&#160;&#160;The following is a schedule
 by year
 of future minimum rental payments required under such lease for the years ending February 28 or 29:











110
000







113
000







116
000







121
000







30
000







490
000














133
000







38
000







171
000





























201
081



200
826



206
844








The Company frequently enters into purchase contracts of between six to eighteen months for chocolate and certain nuts.&#160;&#160;These contracts permit the Company to purchase the specified commodity at a fixed price on an as-needed basis during the term of the contract.&#160;&#160;Because prices for these products may fluctuate
 the Company may benefit if prices rise during the terms of these contracts
 but it may be required to pay above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to renegotiate the terms of the contract.&#160;&#160;Currently the Company has contracted for approximately $2.2 million of raw materials under such agreements.




















The Company is party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a significant adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.


Resulting from the purchase of the franchise rights of Yogurtini
 the Company may pay up to an additional aggregate amount of $1
400
000
 which is contingent on financial performance of the franchise rights over a two-year period.















































2
090
996



1
128
049



1
650
552







287
026



173
822



217
039







2
378
022



1
301
871



1
867
591





































(1
107
287



729
900



223
424







(37
275



3
975



7
203







(1
144
562



733
875



230
627







1
233
460



2
035
746



2
098
218













































State income taxes
 net of federal benefit































































Valuation allowance
 U-Swirl
 Inc. Consolidated loss

































The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the tax consequences of acquiring a 60% majority interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. and the Company will continue to file separate income tax returns for each entity.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. has a history of net losses and does not expect to realize the tax benefit of those losses.&#160;&#160;The consolidation of U-Swirl net loss into the results of the Company does not reduce the Company&#8217;s taxable income for the year. Additionally
 the acquisition of 60% U-Swirl
 Inc. resulted in non-deductible acquisition related expenses of approximately $268
000 for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2013.&#160;&#160;Finally
 the Company will recognize a gain of $222
000 for purposes of income tax reporting
 the result of the transfer of Aspen Leaf Yogurt franchise rights to U-Swirl
 Inc.


























280
030



216
136







93
726



92
315







136
406



147
814







166
650



156
738







43
625



52
946



Amortization
 design costs



71
868



87
213







115
963










380
383







 U-Swirl



(380
383









908
268



753
162





























(1
079
004



(2
051
240







(82
325



(99
605







(1
161
329



(2
150
845

















628
633



487
274







(881
694



(1
884
957







(253
061



(1
397
683




















The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state taxing jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations in its major tax jurisdictions for periods before FY 2008.


Realization of the Company's deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company generating sufficient taxable income
 in the appropriate tax jurisdictions
 in future years to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are changed. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets as of February 28
 2013.


The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes by recognizing the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position.&#160;&#160;The Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution.&#160;&#160;The application of income tax law is inherently complex.&#160;&#160;As such
 the Company is required to make judgments regarding income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax law and regulations change over time and may result in changes to the Company's judgments which can materially affect amounts recognized in the balance sheets and statements of operations.&#160;&#160;The result of the assessment of the Company's tax positions did not have an impact on the financial statements for the years ended February 28 or 29
 2013 or 2012.&#160;&#160;The Company's federal tax returns for all years after 2009 and the Company's state tax returns after 2008 are subject to future examination by tax authorities for all of the Company's tax jurisdictions.&#160;&#160;The Company does not have any significant unrecognized tax benefits and does not anticipate a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. Amounts are recognized for income tax related interest and penalties as a component of general and administrative expense in the statement of income and are immaterial for years ended February 28 or 29
 2013 and 2012.


As of February 28
 2013
 U-Swirl
 Inc. was not consolidated with us for purposes of filing federal income tax.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. files a separate federal tax return and has its own federal loss carryforward.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013 U-Swirl
 Inc. had recorded a full valuation allowance related to the realization of its deferred income tax assets.



In accordance with section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 deductibility of U-Swirl
 Inc.&#8217;s U.S. net operating loss carryovers may be subject to annual limitation in the event of a change in control.&#160;&#160;We have performed a preliminary evaluation as to whether a change in control has taken place
 and have concluded that there was a change of control with respect to the net operating losses of U-Swirl
 Inc. when the Company acquired its 60% ownership interest in January 2013.



We estimate that the potential future tax deductions of U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net operating losses
 limited by section 382
 to be approximately $1.0 million with a resulting deferred tax asset of approximately $380
000. We have recorded a valuation allowance for this amount to reflect the likelihood of realization of this deferred tax asset.








The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per common share on June 10
 2011
 September 16
 2011
 December 9
 2011 and March 16
 2012 to shareholders of record on May 26
 2011
 September 6
 2011
 November 29
 2011 and March 2
 2012
 respectively. The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.11 per common share on June 8
 2012
 September 14
 2012
 December 14
 2012 and March 15
 2013 to shareholders of record on May 24
 2012
 September 4
 2012
 November 30
 2012 and March 1
 2013 respectively.


Future declarations of dividends will depend on
 among other things
 the Company's results of operations
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 and on such other factors as the Company's Board of Directors may in its discretion consider relevant and in the best long term interest of the shareholders.




















In FY 2008
 shareholders approved the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2007 Plan&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The 2007 Plan allows awards of stock options; stock appreciation rights; stock awards
 restricted stock and stock units; performance shares and performance units; other stock or cash based awards.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013
 219
240 restricted stock units
 12
936 stock options and 20
000 unrestricted shares have been awarded under the 2007 Plan and 213
128 shares of common stock is available for award under the plan consisting of 300
000 shares originally authorized
 85
340 previously reserved for issuance under earlier plans and 79
964 shares forfeited under the 2007 Plan and suspended plans
 less shares awarded under the Plan.


Under the&#160;&#160;2004 Stock Option Plan (the &#8220;2004 Plan&#8221;)
 options to purchase up to 970
200 of the Company&#8217;s common stock were previously authorized to be granted at prices not less than market value at the date of grant. Options granted may not have a term exceeding ten years under the&#160;&#160;the 2004 plan and the 2007 plan. Options representing the right to purchase&#160;&#160;258
009 and 12
936 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were outstanding under the the 2004 Plan and the 2007 Plan
 respectively
 at February 28
 2013. On February 21
 2006
 the Company accelerated the vesting of all outstanding stock options in order to prevent past option grants from having an impact on future results. The options outstanding under these plans will expire
 if not exercised through February 2016.


Information with respect to stock option awards outstanding under the plans at February 28
 2013
 and changes for the three years then ended was as follows:




































307
088



341
890



367
762











12
936











(21
191



(45
113



(6
468







(14
952



(2
625



(19
404







270
945



307
088



341
890



















































Information with respect to restricted stock unit awards outstanding under the plans at February 28
 2013
 and changes for the three years then ended was as follows:






































101
980



141
260



129
280











4
540



44
300







(44
190



(43
300



(32
320























57
030



101
980



141
260


















































Additional information about stock options outstanding at February 28
 2013 is summarized as follows:




































169
284















101
661































The Company classifies its business interests into five reportable segments: Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. Franchising
 Manufacturing
 Retail Stores
 U-Swirl
 Inc operations and Other.&#160;&#160;&#160;The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 to these consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on operating contribution
 which excludes unallocated corporate general and administrative costs and income tax expense or benefit.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s reportable segments are strategic businesses that utilize common merchandising
 distribution
 and marketing functions
 as well as common information systems and corporate administration.&#160;&#160;All inter-segment sales prices are market based.&#160;&#160;Each segment is managed separately because of the differences in required infrastructure and the difference in products and services:


























U-Swirl
 Inc.


















6
047
039



26
451
612



5
395
805



505
956







38
400
412











(2
085
211















(2
085
211







6
047
039



24
366
401



5
395
805



505
956







36
315
201







2
494
868



6
853
360



(2
251
581



(320
446



(4
192
707



2
583
494







1
302
094



10
510
745



1
305
006



3
446
319



7
269
781



23
833
945







25
985



277
675



290
330



2
719



146
162



742
871







&#160;39
029



&#160;290
076



&#160;383
550



&#160;70
146



&#160;152
577



&#160;935
378





























































5
751
263



25
723
144



5
438
911











36
913
318











(2
286
426















(2
286
426







5
751
263



23
436
718



&#160;5
438
911











34
626
892







2
572
926



6
704
333



(289
418







(3
076
064



5
911
777







1
434
619



10
238
204



5
212
456







7
277
691



24
162
970







12
713



208
807



2
795
308







243
810



3
260
638







59
947



&#160;293
804



&#160;255
575







&#160;141
535



750
861





























































5
783
892



23
837
108



3
716
511











33
337
511





































(2
209
540















(2
209
540







5
783
892



21
627
568



3
716
511











31
127
971







2
859
433



6
227
366



(300
958







(2
776
782



6
009
059







1
486
799



10
731
004



3
038
373







6
202
631



21
458
807







3
519



225
165



1
166
311







225
310



1
620
305







78
101



340
552



&#160;108
437







143
231



670
321





The information reported in our &#8220;U-Swirl
 Inc.&#8221; segment includes data from January 14
 2013 through February 28
 2013.


Revenue from one customer of the Company&#8217;s Manufacturing segment represents approximately $4.8 million of the Company&#8217;s revenues from external customers during year ended February 28
 2013.

































1
173
717



1
881
929



2
331
820







260
441



209
028



156
205





































667
532



616
239



606
998















2
413































63
198

































ling interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.
























130
481



326
849
























The Company has a 401(k) plan called the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. 401(k) Plan. Eligible participants are permitted to make contributions up to statutory limits. The Company makes a matching contribution
 which vests ratably over a 3-year period
 and is 25% of the employee&#8217;s contribution up to a maximum of 1.5% of the employee&#8217;s compensation.&#160;&#160;During the years ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the Company&#8217;s contribution was approximately $50
000
 $39
000
 and $35
000
 respectively
 to the plan.





Following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 2013 and 2012:



























































9
658
193



7
729
837



8
635
804



10
291
367



36
315
201







3
068
390



2
560
569



2
558
493



3
001
471



11
188
923







1
062
329



828
782



(509
484



96
585



1
478
212
















































































































8
637
924



7
575
788



8
279
910



10
133
270



34
626
892







2
577
214



2
426
005



2
434
058



3
129
116



10
566
393







919
659



911
553



724
968



1
319
852



3
876
032




































































































































205
777



205
142



205
777



200
445












120
830



120
830



120
830



120
830












430
973



430
973



430
973



430
973




















19
740



2
961












757
580



756
945



777
320



755
209





















































































1
099
328



267
020



1
099
328



267
020












295
000



197
682



295
000



197
682












295
000



197
682



295
000



197
682












20
000







20
000
















1
709
328



662
384



1
709
328



662
384



































800
000

















































3
266
908



1
419
329



2
486
648



1
417
593





Amortization expense related to intangible assets totaled $8
316
 $43
744
 and $63
910 during the fiscal year ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013 $635 net intangible assets subject to amortization remained to be amortized through FY 2014.





As discussed in Note 1
 on January 14
 2013
 &#8220;Newco&#8221; entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the franchise rights of Yogurtini. In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 the Company entered into two agreements to sell all of its membership interests in Newco and substantially all of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 in exchange for a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;Upon completion of these transactions
 the management of U-Swirl
 Inc. is responsible for operations at all company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt locations and the selling and support of franchise locations.&#160;&#160;Associated with this transaction
 the Company recorded net restructuring charges of $635
168 as of February 28
 2013.

















Restructuring charges incurred at February 28
 2013 were comprised of the following:










337
599







28
155







(44
000







&#160;185
414







128
000













635
168











As of February 28
 2013
 the Company had receivables of approximately $2
000 due from such director associated with the director&#8217;s ownership and operation of the two current ALY locations.


Our President and Chief Executive Officer has members of his immediate family with ownership interests in retail marketing businesses.&#160;&#160;These businesses have
 on occasion
 provided services to the Company and may provide services in the future.&#160;&#160;As of February 28
 2013
 the Company had incurred expenses of $13
850 and there was no amount recorded to accounts payable that related to these businesses. Transactions with these businesses have been immaterial to our results of operations.


U-Swirl
 Inc. was owed $8
597 and $7
048 as of February 28
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 respectively
 from a U-Swirl franchisee that is owned and operated by the grandchildren of the Company&#8217;s Chief Marketing Officer. The corporate secretary and treasurer of the franchisee is also the Company&#8217;s corporate secretary.

As of February 28
 2013
 U-Swirl
 Inc. had deferred revenue of $30
000 from an area developer in which the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer have a minority interest.





Subsequent to year end
 the Company entered into agreements to acquire two formerly Franchise owned and operated locations.&#160;&#160;The Company purchased these locations with the intent of upgrading them to current design specifications.&#160;&#160;Upon completion of the design upgrades
 the Company intends to sell them to franchisees and finance the franchisee purchase of the locations.&#160;&#160;The Company acquired the locations for $105
000 plus the costs of inventory.&#160;&#160;The results of the transactions are expected to have an immaterial impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


NOTE 17 &#8211; ACQUISITION OF U-SWIRL
 INC.


On January 14
 2013 the Company entered into an agreement to acquire a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL).&#160;&#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. is a franchisor and operator of self-serve frozen yogurt locations.&#160;&#160;In exchange for our 60% interest we contributed our recently acquired franchise rights in YHI
 Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC (collectively
 &#8220;Yogurtini&#8221;) as well as the franchise rights for Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC.&#160;&#160;With the addition of Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt we believe that U-Swirl
 Inc. will have the &#8220;critical mass&#8221; necessary to achieve profitability.

















We accounted for this business combination in accordance with ASC 805 &#8211; Business Combinations
 which requires the acquiring entity in a business combination to recognize all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction.












1
763
110







(746
585





(664
612











351
913



















320
000







31
913















351
913







On the acquisition date
 the fair value of the non-controlling interest was $664
612.&#160;&#160;The fair value of the non-controlling interest was based upon reference to quoted market valued of U-Swirl
 Inc. stock plus bargain purchase adjustment of approximately $258
000 resulting from the allocation of the purchase price.


Fair valuation methods used for the identifiable net assets acquired in the acquisition make use of quoted prices in active markets and discounted cash flows.&#160;&#160;The fair value of franchise rights is provisional pending contingent payment
 as outlined in Note 5
 above.


At the same time that the Company entered into this agreement
 we also entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of the assets held by Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC to U-Swirl
 Inc.&#160;&#160;In exchange for these assets
 the company holds notes receivable (payable by U-Swirl
 Inc.) in the amount of $900
000
 which are eliminated on consolidation.&#160;&#160;Those assets are carried at historical cost.


As a part of these transactions we recognized $635
168 as acquisition related costs in the line item &#8220;Restructuring charges&#8221; on our Income Statement.


Included in our consolidated earnings are U-Swirl&#8217;s losses between January 14
 2013 and February 28
 2013 of $(320
446).






























Because of their inherent limitations
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting (collectively
 &#8220;Control Systems&#8221;) may not prevent or detect all failures or misstatements of the type sought to be avoided by Control Systems. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s Control Systems to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management
 including the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer (the &#8220;CEO&#8221;) and Chief Financial Officer (the &#8220;CFO&#8221;)
 does not expect that the Company&#8217;s Control Systems will prevent all errors or all fraud. A Control System
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the Control System are met. Further
 the design of a Control System must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all Control Systems
 no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These reports by management
 including the CEO and CFO
 on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s Control Systems express only reasonable assurance of the conclusions reached.


 &#8212; The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;))
 that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the officers who certify the Company&#8217;s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&#8217;s reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
 are recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms.&#160;&#160;Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Management
 with the participation of the CEO and CFO
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 as of February 28
 2013
 of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures.&#160;&#160;We acquired a 60% controlling interest in U-Swirl
 Inc. in January 2013 and U-Swirl&#8217;s operations are consolidated into our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K.&#160;&#160;As such
 the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures did not include the internal controls over financial reporting at U-Swirl.&#160;&#160;This exclusion is consistent with the SEC Staff&#8217;s guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures that are also part of internal control over financial reporting in the year of acquisition.&#160;&#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. represented 8% of the Company&#8217;s total assets and 1% of the Company&#8217;s revenue as of and for the year ended February 28
 2013. Based on that evaluation
 the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of February 28
 2013.


 &#8212; Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under supervision of the Company&#8217;s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management
 with the participation of the CEO and CFO
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 as of February 28
 2013
 of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. In making this evaluation
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its publication Internal Control-Integrated Framework.&#160;&#160;Based on that evaluation
 the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 28
 2013.

















As a result of the acquisition of U-Swirl
 Inc. in January 2013
 the Company is evaluating and implementing changes to processes
 policies and other components of its internal control over financial reporting with respect to the consolidation of U-Swirl&#8217;s operations into the Company&#8217;s financial statements.&#160;&#160;Management continues to be engaged in substantial efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control procedures and the design of those control procedures relating to U-Swirl.&#160;&#160;Except for the activities described above
 there were no changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended February 28
 2013 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

























ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2013.





The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2013.





Except for the information below
 the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2013.





The following table provides information with respect to the Company&#8217;s equity compensation plans as of February 28
 2013.










Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options
 warrants and rights




Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options
 warrants and rights













327
975







213
128























327
975







213
128




(1) Represents shares remaining available under the Company&#8217;s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;Shares available for future issuances under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan may be issued in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and stock units
 performance shares and performance units
 and other stock- and cash-based awards.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2013.





The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed no later than 120 days after February 28
 2013.


































































































































Year Ended February 28
 



















584
151



330
000



318
563



595
588





















Year Ended February 29
 























390
319



352
000



158
168



584
151





















Year Ended February 28
 2011























395
291



195
000



199
972



390
319














































Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 among Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC
 YHI Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC



Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC



Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Membership Interest Purchase Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and the Registrant



Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013

















Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the year ended February 28
 2009

















Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed May 22
 2009

















Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 14
 2007

















Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended May 31
 2010

















Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-145986) filed on September 11
 2007

















Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.9 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-62149) filed August 25
 1995

















Exhibit 10.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-62149) filed on August 25
 1995

















Exhibit 10.11 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-62149) filed on August 25
 1995

















Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-109936 filed on October 23
 2003


















































Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-119107) filed September 17
 2004













Master License Agreement
 dated August 17
 2009
 between





Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended August 31
 2009













Promissory Note
 dated August 28
 2012 in the amount of $5
000
000
 between Wells Fargo Bank and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended November 30
 2012













Commercial Security Agreement
 dated August 28
 2012
 between Wells Fargo Bank and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended November 30
 2012













Business Loan Agreement
 dated August 28
 2012
 between Wells Fargo Bank and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended November 30
 2012













Master License Agreement
 dated April 27
 2012
 between RMCF Asia
 Ltd. and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended May 31
 2012













Voting Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 among U-Swirl
 Inc.
 Henry Cartwright
 Ulderico Conte
 Terry Cartwright
 the Registrant and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC



Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and the Registrant



Exhibit 99.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC



Exhibit 99.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013

















































Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Executive Officer

















Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Financial Officer

















Certification Pursuant To Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Executive Officer

















Certification Pursuant To Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Financial Officer












































































































































































Furnished with this report.&#160;&#160;In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
&#160;&#160;the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall be deemed &#8220;furnished&#8221; and not &#8220;filed&#8221; or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not &#8220;filed&#8221; for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.






Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) (2) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended.&#160;&#160;We hereby undertake to supplementally furnish copies of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request
























Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.







ROCKY MOUNTAIN CHOCOLATE FACTORY
 INC.














Date: May 29
 2013















Chief Operating Officer
 Chief






Financial Officer
 Treasurer and














Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.





Date: May 29
 2013






















Directors
 President and Chief



















Date: May 29
 2013















Chief Operating Officer
 Chief






Financial Officer
 Treasurer and



















Date: May 29
 2013








GERALD A. KIEN
 Director









Date: May 29
 2013









LEE N. MORTENSON
 Director










Date: May 29
 2013








CLYDE Wm. ENGLE
 Director









Date: May 29
 2013








SCOTT G. CAPDEVIELLE
 Director












































Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 among Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC
 YHI Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC



Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC



Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Membership Interest Purchase Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and the Registrant



Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013

















Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the year ended February 28
 2009

















Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed May 22
 2009

















Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 14
 2007

















Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended May 31
 2010

















Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-145986) filed on September 11
 2007

















Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2007

















Exhibit 10.9 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-62149) filed August 25
 1995

















Exhibit 10.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-62149) filed on August 25
 1995

















Exhibit 10.11 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-62149) filed on August 25
 1995

















Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-109936 filed on October 23
 2003


















































Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-119107) filed September 17
 2004













Master License Agreement
 dated August 17
 2009
 between 



Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended August 31
 2009













Promissory Note
 dated August 28
 2012 in the amount of $5
000
000
 between Wells Fargo Bank and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended November 30
 2012













Commercial Security Agreement
 dated August 28
 2012
 between Wells Fargo Bank and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended November 30
 2012













Business Loan Agreement
 dated August 28
 2012
 between Wells Fargo Bank and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended November 30
 2012













Master License Agreement
 dated April 27
 2012
 between RMCF Asia
 Ltd. and the Registrant



Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended May 31
 2012













Voting Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 among U-Swirl
 Inc.
 Henry Cartwright
 Ulderico Conte
 Terry Cartwright
 the Registrant and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC



Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013
 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and the Registrant



Exhibit 99.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013













Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 14
 2013 between U-Swirl
 Inc. and Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC



Exhibit 99.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 14
 2013

















































Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Executive Officer

















Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Financial Officer

















Certification Pursuant To Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Executive Officer

















Certification Pursuant To Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Chief Financial Officer












































































































































































Furnished with this report.&#160;&#160;In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
&#160;&#160;the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall be deemed &#8220;furnished&#8221; and not &#8220;filed&#8221; or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not &#8220;filed&#8221; for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.






Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) (2) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended.&#160;&#160;We hereby undertake to supplementally furnish copies of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request
















    























U-SWIRL
 INC.






U-SWIRL INTERNATIONAL
 INC.






ASPEN LEAF YOGURT
 LLC















Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. owns a 60% controlling interest in U-Swirl
 Inc. and controls a majority of the board of directors of U-Swirl
 Inc.












U-Swirl International
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of U-Swirl
 Inc.
















    
















We have issued our report dated May 29
 2013 accompanying the consolidated financial statements and schedule in the 2013 Annual Report of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Subsidiaries on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28
 2013. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. and Subsidiaries on Forms S-8 (File no. 333-145986 effective September 11
 2007; File No. 333-109936 effective October 23
 2003; File No. 333-119107 effective September 17
 2004; File No. 33-64651 effective November 30
 1995; File No. 33-64653 effective November 30
 1995; File No. 33-79342 effective May 25
 1994).





May 29
 2013
Denver
 Colorado












    













I
 Franklin E. Crail
 certify that:


1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.;


2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;















Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;













Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;













Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and













Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and





5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and













Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.











Date: May 29
 2013









Franklin E. Crail
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors















    











I
 Bryan J. Merryman
 certify that:


1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.;


2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;















Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;













Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;













Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and













Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and





5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and













Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.











Date: May 29
 2013









Bryan J. Merryman
 Chief Operating Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director















    




















In connection with the Annual Report of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:


(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.








Date: May 29
 2013










Franklin E. Crail
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

















    




















In connection with the Annual Report of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:


(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.







Date: May 29
 2013










Bryan J. Merryman
 Chief Operating Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director






















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      



    




        


        




    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT&#xd;
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Nature&#xd;
      of Operations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      accompanying consolidated financial statements include the&#xd;
      accounts of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 its&#xd;
      wholly-owned subsidiary
 Aspen Leaf&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Yogurt
 LLC&#xd;
      and it&amp;#8217;s majority-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc.&#xd;
      (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All&#xd;
      intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated&#xd;
      in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rocky&#xd;
      Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;RMCF&amp;#8221;) is an&#xd;
      international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and&#xd;
      retail operator in the United States
 Canada
 Japan and the&#xd;
      United Arab Emirates. RMCF manufactures an extensive line of&#xd;
      premium chocolate candies and other confectionery&#xd;
      products.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Aspen&#xd;
      Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#8220;ALY&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the&#xd;
      state of Colorado as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 Inc. on September 30
&#xd;
      2010 and organized through conversion as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
&#xd;
      LLC on October 14
 2010.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ALY was a franchisor and&#xd;
      retail operator of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units&#xd;
      until the sale of substantially all assets in January
&#xd;
      2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013 the Company had&#xd;
      ceased to operate any Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt&#xd;
      locations
 or sell and support franchise locations.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;On&#xd;
      January 14
 2013
 Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC&#xd;
      (&amp;#8220;Newco&amp;#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the&#xd;
      Company formed in the State of Colorado on January 2
 2013
&#xd;
      entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the&#xd;
      franchise rights of YHI
 Inc. and Yogurtini International
&#xd;
      LLC (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Yogurtini&amp;#8221;)
 which are the&#xd;
      franchisors of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units branded&#xd;
      as &amp;#8220;Yogurtini.&amp;#8221;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 on&#xd;
      January 14
 2013
 the Company entered into two agreements to&#xd;
      sell all of its membership interests in Newco and&#xd;
      substantially all of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a&#xd;
      publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60%&#xd;
      controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
&#xd;
      Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. is in the business of offering&#xd;
      consumers frozen desserts such as yogurt and&#xd;
      sorbet.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl launched a national chain of&#xd;
      self-serve frozen yogurt caf&amp;#233;s called U-Swirl Frozen&#xd;
      Yogurt and are franchising this concept.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl&#xd;
      has built and operates caf&amp;#233;s owned and operated by&#xd;
      U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Company-owned&amp;#8221;) and franchises to&#xd;
      others the right to own and operate U-Swirl&#xd;
      caf&amp;#233;s.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;It also franchises and operates&#xd;
      self-serve frozen yogurt cafes under the name&#xd;
      &amp;#8220;Yogurtini&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&amp;#8221;&#xd;
      as a result of the transactions described above.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are currently derived from three&#xd;
      principal sources: sales to franchisees and others of&#xd;
      chocolates and other confectionery products manufactured by&#xd;
      the Company; the collection of initial franchise fees and&#xd;
      royalties from franchisees&amp;#8217; sales; and sales at&#xd;
      Company-owned stores of chocolates
 frozen yogurt
 and other&#xd;
      confectionery products. The following table summarizes the&#xd;
      number of stores operating under RMCF and its subsidiaries at&#xd;
      February 28
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;90%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Sold
&#xd;
              Not Yet Open&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Open&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rocky&#xd;
              Mountain Chocolate Factory&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-5&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Company-owned&#xd;
              stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-6&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;223&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;227&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-7&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic kiosks&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-8&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;International&#xd;
              License Stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-9&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Cold&#xd;
              Stone Creamery &amp;#8211; co-branded&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc. Stores (Including Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf&#xd;
              Yogurt)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-10&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Company-owned&#xd;
              stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-11&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
        management of RMCF accounts for the activities of Rocky&#xd;
        Mountain Chocolate Factory and its wholly-owned subsidiary
&#xd;
        Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC. As described above
 on January 14
&#xd;
        2013
 the Company acquired a 60% majority interest in&#xd;
        U-Swirl
 Inc. Prior to January 14
 2013
 the&#xd;
        Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements exclude the financial&#xd;
        information of U-Swirl
 Inc. The management of U Swirl
&#xd;
        Inc. separately accounts for the activities of U-Swirl
&#xd;
        Inc. utilizing critical accounting policies substantially&#xd;
        the same as those of RMCF. Beginning on January 14
 2013&#xd;
        and continuing through February 28
 2013
 the results of&#xd;
        operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl
 Inc. have&#xd;
        been included in these Consolidated Financial Statements.&#xd;
        The Company has consolidated $1
951
092 of assets
 $945
569&#xd;
        of liabilities and a net operating loss of $320
446 of&#xd;
        U-Swirl
 Inc. for the year ended February 28
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash&#xd;
      Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased&#xd;
      with an original maturity of six months or less to be cash&#xd;
      equivalents. The Company classifies certain instruments with&#xd;
      a maturity of between three and six months to be cash&#xd;
      equivalents because these instruments allow for early&#xd;
      termination with minimal penalty and are readily convertible&#xd;
      to known amounts of cash.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013&#xd;
      and February 29
 2012
 the Company held a Certificate of&#xd;
      Deposit with an original maturity date of six-months totaling&#xd;
      $108
000 and classified this amount as a cash&#xd;
      equivalent.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company continually monitors its&#xd;
      positions with
 and the credit quality of
 the financial&#xd;
      institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet&#xd;
      date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has&#xd;
      maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess&#xd;
      of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately&#xd;
      $4.5 million at February 28
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accounts&#xd;
      and Notes Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
&#xd;
      primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit&#xd;
      criteria. The Company believes that it has limited&#xd;
      concentration of credit risk primarily because its&#xd;
      receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to&#xd;
      which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but&#xd;
      not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An&#xd;
      allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through&#xd;
      analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of&#xd;
      collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation&#xd;
      of the impact of current and projected economic conditions.&#xd;
      The process by which the Company performs its analysis is&#xd;
      conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by&#xd;
      franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other&#xd;
      relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
&#xd;
      customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and&#xd;
      geographic market factors relevant to projected performance.&#xd;
      The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts&#xd;
      receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit&#xd;
      worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of&#xd;
      reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may&#xd;
      impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the&#xd;
      collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely&#xd;
      to change in the future.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At February 28
 2013
 the&#xd;
      Company has $714
222 of notes receivable outstanding and an&#xd;
      allowance for doubtful accounts of $47
782 associated with&#xd;
      these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear&#xd;
      interest rates ranging from 6% to 8%. The notes mature&#xd;
      through April
 2018 and approximately $618
000 of notes&#xd;
      receivable are secured by the assets financed.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&#xd;
      are stated at the lower of cost or market. An inventory&#xd;
      reserve is established to reduce the cost of obsolete
&#xd;
      damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or market&#xd;
      based on actual differences.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This inventory&#xd;
      reserve is determined through analysis of items held in&#xd;
      inventory
 and
 if the value of those items at cost is higher&#xd;
      than their market value
 the Company records an expense to&#xd;
      reduce inventory to its actual market value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
      process by which the Company performs its analysis is&#xd;
      conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
&#xd;
      among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and&#xd;
      future sales potential.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Cost is determined using&#xd;
      the first-in
 first-out method.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&#xd;
      and Equipment and Other Assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0.9pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&#xd;
      and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation and&#xd;
      amortization are computed using the straight-line method&#xd;
      based upon the estimated useful life of the asset
 which&#xd;
      range from five to thirty-nine years.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Leasehold&#xd;
      improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over&#xd;
      the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of&#xd;
      the improvements
 whichever is shorter.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company reviews its long-lived assets through analysis of&#xd;
      estimated fair value
 including identifiable intangible&#xd;
      assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying&#xd;
      amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to review the recoverability of all&#xd;
      assets
 at a minimum
 on an annual basis.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income&#xd;
      Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets based&#xd;
      on the differences between the tax basis of assets and&#xd;
      liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial&#xd;
      statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts&#xd;
      in future years. The Company&apos;s temporary differences are&#xd;
      listed in Note 6.&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Goodwill&#xd;
      arose from two transaction types. The first type was the&#xd;
      result of the incorporation of the Company after its&#xd;
      inception as a partnership. The goodwill recorded was the&#xd;
      excess of the purchase price of the Company over the fair&#xd;
      value of its assets. The Company has allocated this goodwill&#xd;
      equally between its Franchising and Manufacturing operations.&#xd;
      The second type was the purchase of various retail stores
&#xd;
      either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase&#xd;
      price was in excess of the fair value of the assets&#xd;
      acquired.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company performs a goodwill impairment test on an annual&#xd;
      basis or more frequently when events or circumstances&#xd;
      indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit more&#xd;
      likely than not exceeds its fair value. Recoverability of&#xd;
      goodwill is evaluated through comparison of the fair value of&#xd;
      each of our reporting units with its carrying value. To the&#xd;
      extent that a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying value exceeds&#xd;
      the implied fair value of its goodwill
 an impairment loss is&#xd;
      recognized. The Company performed impairment testing with no&#xd;
      impact to its financial results for the years ended February&#xd;
      28 or 29
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
      Rights&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        rights arose from the entry into an agreement to acquire&#xd;
        substantially all of the franchise rights of Yogurtini as&#xd;
        described above. In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 the&#xd;
        Company entered into agreements to sell substantially all&#xd;
        of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded&#xd;
        company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling&#xd;
        equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon completion&#xd;
        of these transactions U-Swirl
 Inc. operated 12&#xd;
        Company-owned stores and 58 franchised U-Swirl locations&#xd;
        formerly franchised as Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt&#xd;
        locations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Insurance&#xd;
      and Self-Insurance Reserves&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance&#xd;
      plans to provide for the potential liabilities for&#xd;
      workers&amp;#8217; compensation
 general liability
 property&#xd;
      insurance
 director and officers&amp;#8217; liability insurance
&#xd;
      vehicle liability and employee health care benefits.&#xd;
      Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by&#xd;
      the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical&#xd;
      claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and&#xd;
      other assumptions. While the Company believes that its&#xd;
      assumptions are appropriate
 the estimated accruals for these&#xd;
      liabilities could be significantly affected if future&#xd;
      occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and&#xd;
      historical trends.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Sales&#xd;
      of products to franchisees and other customers are recognized&#xd;
      at the time of delivery.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Sales of products to&#xd;
      franchisees and other customers are made at standard prices
&#xd;
      without any bargain sales of equipment or supplies. Sales of&#xd;
      products at retail stores are recognized at the time of&#xd;
      sale.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rebates&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rebates&#xd;
      received from purveyors that supply products to our&#xd;
      franchisees are included in franchise royalties and fees.&#xd;
      Product rebates are recognized in the period in which they&#xd;
      are earned. Rebates related to company-owned locations are&#xd;
      offset against operating costs.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      Fees&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      fees charged to customers by the Company&amp;#8217;s trucking&#xd;
      department are reported as sales. Shipping costs incurred by&#xd;
      the Company for inventory are reported as cost of sales or&#xd;
      inventory.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
      and Royalty Fees&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
      fee revenue is recognized upon opening of the franchise&#xd;
      store. In addition to the initial franchise fee
 the Company&#xd;
      also recognizes a marketing and promotion fee of one percent&#xd;
      (1%) of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised&#xd;
      stores&amp;#8217; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on&#xd;
      gross retail sales. Beginning with franchise store openings&#xd;
      in the third quarter of FY 2004
 the Company modified its&#xd;
      royalty structure.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under the current structure
&#xd;
      the Company recognizes no royalty on franchised stores&amp;#8217;&#xd;
      retail sales of products purchased from the Company and&#xd;
      recognizes a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of&#xd;
      product sold at franchise locations. For franchise stores&#xd;
      opened prior to the third quarter of FY 2004 the Company&#xd;
      recognizes a royalty fee of five percent (5%) of franchised&#xd;
      stores&amp;#8217; gross retail sales.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Use&#xd;
      of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting&#xd;
      principles generally accepted in the United States of&#xd;
      America
 management is required to make estimates and&#xd;
      assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
&#xd;
      liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and&#xd;
      liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements
 and&#xd;
      revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual&#xd;
      results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Vulnerability&#xd;
      Due to Certain Concentrations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      from one customer of the Company&amp;#8217;s Manufacturing&#xd;
      segment represented approximately $4.8 million or 13% of the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s revenues during year ended February 28
&#xd;
      2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s future results may be&#xd;
      adversely impacted by a change in the purchases of this&#xd;
      customer.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Stock-Based&#xd;
      Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;At&#xd;
      February 28
 2013
 the Company had stock-based compensation&#xd;
      plans for employees and non-employee directors which&#xd;
      authorized the granting of stock awards.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company recognized $418
633
 $457
449
 and $413
659 related&#xd;
      equity-based compensation expense during the years ended&#xd;
      February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&#xd;
      Compensation costs related to share-based compensation are&#xd;
      generally amortized over the vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Tax&#xd;
      benefits in excess of the compensation cost recognized for&#xd;
      stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the&#xd;
      accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax benefit&#xd;
      included in net cash provided by financing activities for the&#xd;
      years ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was&#xd;
      $58
377
 $24
962 and $11
195
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;During&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013
 the Company&#xd;
      did not grant any restricted stock units compared with 4
540&#xd;
      restricted common stock units granted in the prior year with&#xd;
      a grant date fair value of $41
721
 or $9.19 per share. There&#xd;
      were no stock options granted to employees during&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
      restricted stock unit grants generally vest 20% annually over&#xd;
      a period of five years.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company recognized&#xd;
      $381
433 of equity-based compensation expense related to&#xd;
      these grants during&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013 compared with&#xd;
      $404
563 in&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012. Total&#xd;
      unrecognized compensation expense of non-vested
&#xd;
      non-forfeited shares granted
 as of February 28
 2013 was&#xd;
      $282
979
 which is expected to be recognized over the&#xd;
      weighted average period of 1.1 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;During&#xd;
      the FY 2013
 the Company issued 4
000 fully-vested
&#xd;
      unrestricted shares to non-employee directors compared with&#xd;
      4
000 fully-vested
 unrestricted shares of stock and 12
936&#xd;
      shares of stock options issued to non-employee directors in&#xd;
      FY 2012. In connection with these non-employee director stock&#xd;
      issuances
 the Company recognized $37
200 and $52
886 of&#xd;
      stock-based compensation expense during FY 2013 and 2012
&#xd;
      respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during&#xd;
        FY &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt; was $0.89 per share and&#xd;
        there were no options granted during FY &#xd;
        &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the&#xd;
      date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model&#xd;
      utilizing the following weighted-average assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;90%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;For&#xd;
                the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28
 or 29&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              stock price volatility&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Risk-free&#xd;
              interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              life of options&lt;/font&gt; (years)&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
      Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
      earnings per share is computed as net earnings divided by the&#xd;
      weighted average number of common shares outstanding during&#xd;
      each year. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential&#xd;
      dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through&#xd;
      stock options and restricted stock units. During 2013
 2012&#xd;
      and 2011
 101
661
 117
437
 and 116
004
 respectively
 stock&#xd;
      options were excluded from diluted shares as their effect was&#xd;
      anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Advertising&#xd;
      and Promotional Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Total&#xd;
        advertising expense for Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory&#xd;
        amounted to $233
731
 $235
282
 and $302
817 for the fiscal&#xd;
        years ended February 28 or 29
 &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
 &#xd;
        &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt; and 2011
 respectively.&#xd;
        Total advertising expense for Aspen Leaf Yogurt amounted to&#xd;
        $192
088
 $85
147
 and $43
969 for the fiscal years ended&#xd;
        February 28 or 29
 &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
 &#xd;
        &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt; and 2011
&#xd;
        respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fair&#xd;
      Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments consist of cash and&#xd;
      cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 payables
 and notes&#xd;
      receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates&#xd;
      the carrying value
 because of the relatively short maturity&#xd;
      of these instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Recent&#xd;
      Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)&#xd;
      issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. The&#xd;
      amendments permit an entity first to assess qualitative&#xd;
      factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that&#xd;
      an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis&#xd;
      for determining whether it is necessary to perform the&#xd;
      quantitative impairment test in accordance with Subtopic&#xd;
      350-30
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-General Intangibles&#xd;
      Other than Goodwill. Determining that it is more likely than&#xd;
      not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired&#xd;
      will require quantitative impairment testing
 otherwise
 no&#xd;
      further action will be required. This ASU is effective for&#xd;
      annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal&#xd;
      years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption&#xd;
      permitted. The Company will adopt the amendments during its&#xd;
      fiscal year ending February 28
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The adoption&#xd;
      is not expected to have an impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      Fiscal 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;


      of Operations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      accompanying consolidated financial statements include the&#xd;
      accounts of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.
 its&#xd;
      wholly-owned subsidiary
 Aspen Leaf&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Yogurt
 LLC&#xd;
      and it&amp;#8217;s majority-owned subsidiary
 U-Swirl
 Inc.&#xd;
      (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All&#xd;
      intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated&#xd;
      in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rocky&#xd;
      Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;RMCF&amp;#8221;) is an&#xd;
      international franchisor
 confectionery manufacturer and&#xd;
      retail operator in the United States
 Canada
 Japan and the&#xd;
      United Arab Emirates. RMCF manufactures an extensive line of&#xd;
      premium chocolate candies and other confectionery&#xd;
      products.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Aspen&#xd;
      Leaf Yogurt
 LLC (&amp;#8220;ALY&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the&#xd;
      state of Colorado as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 Inc. on September 30
&#xd;
      2010 and organized through conversion as Aspen Leaf Yogurt
&#xd;
      LLC on October 14
 2010.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ALY was a franchisor and&#xd;
      retail operator of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units&#xd;
      until the sale of substantially all assets in January
&#xd;
      2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013 the Company had&#xd;
      ceased to operate any Company-owned Aspen Leaf Yogurt&#xd;
      locations
 or sell and support franchise locations.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;On&#xd;
      January 14
 2013
 Ulysses Asset Acquisition
 LLC&#xd;
      (&amp;#8220;Newco&amp;#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the&#xd;
      Company formed in the State of Colorado on January 2
 2013
&#xd;
      entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the&#xd;
      franchise rights of YHI
 Inc. and Yogurtini International
&#xd;
      LLC (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Yogurtini&amp;#8221;)
 which are the&#xd;
      franchisors of self-serve frozen yogurt retail units branded&#xd;
      as &amp;#8220;Yogurtini.&amp;#8221;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 on&#xd;
      January 14
 2013
 the Company entered into two agreements to&#xd;
      sell all of its membership interests in Newco and&#xd;
      substantially all of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a&#xd;
      publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60%&#xd;
      controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
&#xd;
      Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. is in the business of offering&#xd;
      consumers frozen desserts such as yogurt and&#xd;
      sorbet.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl launched a national chain of&#xd;
      self-serve frozen yogurt caf&amp;#233;s called U-Swirl Frozen&#xd;
      Yogurt and are franchising this concept.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl&#xd;
      has built and operates caf&amp;#233;s owned and operated by&#xd;
      U-Swirl
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Company-owned&amp;#8221;) and franchises to&#xd;
      others the right to own and operate U-Swirl&#xd;
      caf&amp;#233;s.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;It also franchises and operates&#xd;
      self-serve frozen yogurt cafes under the name&#xd;
      &amp;#8220;Yogurtini&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Aspen Leaf Yogurt&amp;#8221;&#xd;
      as a result of the transactions described above.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are currently derived from three&#xd;
      principal sources: sales to franchisees and others of&#xd;
      chocolates and other confectionery products manufactured by&#xd;
      the Company; the collection of initial franchise fees and&#xd;
      royalties from franchisees&amp;#8217; sales; and sales at&#xd;
      Company-owned stores of chocolates
 frozen yogurt
 and other&#xd;
      confectionery products. The following table summarizes the&#xd;
      number of stores operating under RMCF and its subsidiaries at&#xd;
      February 28
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;90%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Sold
&#xd;
              Not Yet Open&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Open&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rocky&#xd;
              Mountain Chocolate Factory&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-5&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Company-owned&#xd;
              stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-6&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;223&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;227&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-7&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic kiosks&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-8&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;International&#xd;
              License Stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-9&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Cold&#xd;
              Stone Creamery &amp;#8211; co-branded&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc. Stores (Including Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf&#xd;
              Yogurt)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-10&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Company-owned&#xd;
              stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-11&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
        management of RMCF accounts for the activities of Rocky&#xd;
        Mountain Chocolate Factory and its wholly-owned subsidiary
&#xd;
        Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC. As described above
 on January 14
&#xd;
        2013
 the Company acquired a 60% majority interest in&#xd;
        U-Swirl
 Inc. Prior to January 14
 2013
 the&#xd;
        Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements exclude the financial&#xd;
        information of U-Swirl
 Inc. The management of U Swirl
&#xd;
        Inc. separately accounts for the activities of U-Swirl
&#xd;
        Inc. utilizing critical accounting policies substantially&#xd;
        the same as those of RMCF. Beginning on January 14
 2013&#xd;
        and continuing through February 28
 2013
 the results of&#xd;
        operations
 assets and liabilities of U-Swirl
 Inc. have&#xd;
        been included in these Consolidated Financial Statements.&#xd;
        The Company has consolidated $1
951
092 of assets
 $945
569&#xd;
        of liabilities and a net operating loss of $320
446 of&#xd;
        U-Swirl
 Inc. for the year ended February 28

  
  
  
  
  

      Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased&#xd;
      with an original maturity of six months or less to be cash&#xd;
      equivalents. The Company classifies certain instruments with&#xd;
      a maturity of between three and six months to be cash&#xd;
      equivalents because these instruments allow for early&#xd;
      termination with minimal penalty and are readily convertible&#xd;
      to known amounts of cash.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013&#xd;
      and February 29
 2012
 the Company held a Certificate of&#xd;
      Deposit with an original maturity date of six-months totaling&#xd;
      $108
000 and classified this amount as a cash&#xd;
      equivalent.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company continually monitors its&#xd;
      positions with
 and the credit quality of
 the financial&#xd;
      institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet&#xd;
      date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has&#xd;
      maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess&#xd;
      of federally insured limits. This amount was approximately&#xd;
      $4.5 million at February 28

  
  
  

      and Notes Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers
&#xd;
      primarily franchisees that satisfy pre-defined credit&#xd;
      criteria. The Company believes that it has limited&#xd;
      concentration of credit risk primarily because its&#xd;
      receivables are secured by the assets of the franchisees to&#xd;
      which the Company ordinarily extends credit
 including
 but&#xd;
      not limited to
 their franchise rights and inventories. An&#xd;
      allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through&#xd;
      analysis of the aging of accounts receivable
 assessments of&#xd;
      collectability based on historical trends
 and an evaluation&#xd;
      of the impact of current and projected economic conditions.&#xd;
      The process by which the Company performs its analysis is&#xd;
      conducted on a customer by customer
 or franchisee by&#xd;
      franchisee
 basis and takes into account
 among other&#xd;
      relevant factors
 sales history
 outstanding receivables
&#xd;
      customer financial strength
 as well as customer specific and&#xd;
      geographic market factors relevant to projected performance.&#xd;
      The Company monitors the collectability of its accounts&#xd;
      receivable on an ongoing basis by assessing the credit&#xd;
      worthiness of its customers and evaluating the impact of&#xd;
      reasonably likely changes in economic conditions that may&#xd;
      impact credit risks. Estimates with regard to the&#xd;
      collectability of accounts receivable are reasonably likely&#xd;
      to change in the future.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At February 28
 2013
 the&#xd;
      Company has $714
222 of notes receivable outstanding and an&#xd;
      allowance for doubtful accounts of $47
782 associated with&#xd;
      these notes. The notes require monthly payments and bear&#xd;
      interest rates ranging from 6% to 8%. The notes mature&#xd;
      through April
 2018 and approximately $618
000 of notes&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&#xd;
      are stated at the lower of cost or market. An inventory&#xd;
      reserve is established to reduce the cost of obsolete
&#xd;
      damaged and excess inventories to the lower of cost or market&#xd;
      based on actual differences.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This inventory&#xd;
      reserve is determined through analysis of items held in&#xd;
      inventory
 and
 if the value of those items at cost is higher&#xd;
      than their market value
 the Company records an expense to&#xd;
      reduce inventory to its actual market value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
      process by which the Company performs its analysis is&#xd;
      conducted on an item by item basis and takes into account
&#xd;
      among other relevant factors
 market value
 sales history and&#xd;
      future sales potential.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Cost is determined using&#xd;
      the first-in


      and Equipment and Other Assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0.9pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&#xd;
      and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation and&#xd;
      amortization are computed using the straight-line method&#xd;
      based upon the estimated useful life of the asset
 which&#xd;
      range from five to thirty-nine years.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Leasehold&#xd;
      improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over&#xd;
      the lives of the respective leases or the service lives of&#xd;
      the improvements
 whichever is shorter.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company reviews its long-lived assets through analysis of&#xd;
      estimated fair value
 including identifiable intangible&#xd;
      assets
 whenever events or changes indicate the carrying&#xd;
      amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to review the recoverability of all&#xd;
      assets
 at a minimum

  
  

      Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets based&#xd;
      on the differences between the tax basis of assets and&#xd;
      liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial&#xd;
      statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts&#xd;
      in future years. The Company&apos;s temporary differences are&#xd;


    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Goodwill&#xd;
      arose from two transaction types. The first type was the&#xd;
      result of the incorporation of the Company after its&#xd;
      inception as a partnership. The goodwill recorded was the&#xd;
      excess of the purchase price of the Company over the fair&#xd;
      value of its assets. The Company has allocated this goodwill&#xd;
      equally between its Franchising and Manufacturing operations.&#xd;
      The second type was the purchase of various retail stores
&#xd;
      either individually or as a group
 for which the purchase&#xd;
      price was in excess of the fair value of the assets&#xd;
      acquired.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company performs a goodwill impairment test on an annual&#xd;
      basis or more frequently when events or circumstances&#xd;
      indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit more&#xd;
      likely than not exceeds its fair value. Recoverability of&#xd;
      goodwill is evaluated through comparison of the fair value of&#xd;
      each of our reporting units with its carrying value. To the&#xd;
      extent that a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying value exceeds&#xd;
      the implied fair value of its goodwill
 an impairment loss is&#xd;
      recognized. The Company performed impairment testing with no&#xd;
      impact to its financial results for the years ended February&#xd;
      28 or 29


      Rights&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        rights arose from the entry into an agreement to acquire&#xd;
        substantially all of the franchise rights of Yogurtini as&#xd;
        described above. In addition
 on January 14
 2013
 the&#xd;
        Company entered into agreements to sell substantially all&#xd;
        of its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a publicly traded&#xd;
        company (OTCQB: SWRL)
 in exchange for a 60% controlling&#xd;
        equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon completion&#xd;
        of these transactions U-Swirl
 Inc. operated 12&#xd;
        Company-owned stores and 58 franchised U-Swirl locations&#xd;
        formerly franchised as Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt&#xd;

  
  
  

      and Self-Insurance Reserves&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance&#xd;
      plans to provide for the potential liabilities for&#xd;
      workers&amp;#8217; compensation
 general liability
 property&#xd;
      insurance
 director and officers&amp;#8217; liability insurance
&#xd;
      vehicle liability and employee health care benefits.&#xd;
      Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by&#xd;
      the Company are estimated
 in part
 by considering historical&#xd;
      claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and&#xd;
      other assumptions. While the Company believes that its&#xd;
      assumptions are appropriate
 the estimated accruals for these&#xd;
      liabilities could be significantly affected if future&#xd;
      occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and&#xd;


    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Sales&#xd;
      of products to franchisees and other customers are recognized&#xd;
      at the time of delivery.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Sales of products to&#xd;
      franchisees and other customers are made at standard prices
&#xd;
      without any bargain sales of equipment or supplies. Sales of&#xd;
      products at retail stores are recognized at the time of&#xd;
      sale.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rebates&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rebates&#xd;
      received from purveyors that supply products to our&#xd;
      franchisees are included in franchise royalties and fees.&#xd;
      Product rebates are recognized in the period in which they&#xd;
      are earned. Rebates related to company-owned locations are&#xd;
      offset against operating costs.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      Fees&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      fees charged to customers by the Company&amp;#8217;s trucking&#xd;
      department are reported as sales. Shipping costs incurred by&#xd;
      the Company for inventory are reported as cost of sales or&#xd;
      inventory.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
      and Royalty Fees&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
      fee revenue is recognized upon opening of the franchise&#xd;
      store. In addition to the initial franchise fee
 the Company&#xd;
      also recognizes a marketing and promotion fee of one percent&#xd;
      (1%) of the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory franchised&#xd;
      stores&amp;#8217; gross retail sales and a royalty fee based on&#xd;
      gross retail sales. Beginning with franchise store openings&#xd;
      in the third quarter of FY 2004
 the Company modified its&#xd;
      royalty structure.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under the current structure
&#xd;
      the Company recognizes no royalty on franchised stores&amp;#8217;&#xd;
      retail sales of products purchased from the Company and&#xd;
      recognizes a ten percent (10%) royalty on all other sales of&#xd;
      product sold at franchise locations. For franchise stores&#xd;
      opened prior to the third quarter of FY 2004 the Company&#xd;
      recognizes a royalty fee of five percent (5%) of franchised&#xd;

  
  
  

      of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting&#xd;
      principles generally accepted in the United States of&#xd;
      America
 management is required to make estimates and&#xd;
      assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
&#xd;
      liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and&#xd;
      liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements
 and&#xd;
      revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual&#xd;


      Due to Certain Concentrations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      from one customer of the Company&amp;#8217;s Manufacturing&#xd;
      segment represented approximately $4.8 million or 13% of the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s revenues during year ended February 28
&#xd;
      2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s future results may be&#xd;
      adversely impacted by a change in the purchases of this&#xd;

  
  
  

      Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;At&#xd;
      February 28
 2013
 the Company had stock-based compensation&#xd;
      plans for employees and non-employee directors which&#xd;
      authorized the granting of stock awards.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company recognized $418
633
 $457
449
 and $413
659 related&#xd;
      equity-based compensation expense during the years ended&#xd;
      February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&#xd;
      Compensation costs related to share-based compensation are&#xd;
      generally amortized over the vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Tax&#xd;
      benefits in excess of the compensation cost recognized for&#xd;
      stock options are reported as financing cash flows in the&#xd;
      accompanying Statements of Cash Flows. The excess tax benefit&#xd;
      included in net cash provided by financing activities for the&#xd;
      years ended February 28 or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was&#xd;
      $58
377
 $24
962 and $11
195
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;During&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013
 the Company&#xd;
      did not grant any restricted stock units compared with 4
540&#xd;
      restricted common stock units granted in the prior year with&#xd;
      a grant date fair value of $41
721
 or $9.19 per share. There&#xd;
      were no stock options granted to employees during&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
      restricted stock unit grants generally vest 20% annually over&#xd;
      a period of five years.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company recognized&#xd;
      $381
433 of equity-based compensation expense related to&#xd;
      these grants during&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013 compared with&#xd;
      $404
563 in&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012. Total&#xd;
      unrecognized compensation expense of non-vested
&#xd;
      non-forfeited shares granted
 as of February 28
 2013 was&#xd;
      $282
979
 which is expected to be recognized over the&#xd;
      weighted average period of 1.1 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;During&#xd;
      the FY 2013
 the Company issued 4
000 fully-vested
&#xd;
      unrestricted shares to non-employee directors compared with&#xd;
      4
000 fully-vested
 unrestricted shares of stock and 12
936&#xd;
      shares of stock options issued to non-employee directors in&#xd;
      FY 2012. In connection with these non-employee director stock&#xd;
      issuances
 the Company recognized $37
200 and $52
886 of&#xd;
      stock-based compensation expense during FY 2013 and 2012
&#xd;
      respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during&#xd;
        FY &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt; was $0.89 per share and&#xd;
        there were no options granted during FY &#xd;
        &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the&#xd;
      date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model&#xd;
      utilizing the following weighted-average assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;90%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;For&#xd;
                the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28
 or 29&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              stock price volatility&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Risk-free&#xd;
              interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              life of options&lt;/font&gt; (years)&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
      earnings per share is computed as net earnings divided by the&#xd;
      weighted average number of common shares outstanding during&#xd;
      each year. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential&#xd;
      dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through&#xd;
      stock options and restricted stock units. During 2013
 2012&#xd;
      and 2011
 101
661
 117
437
 and 116
004
 respectively
 stock&#xd;
      options were excluded from diluted shares as their effect was&#xd;

  
  
  

      and Promotional Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Total&#xd;
        advertising expense for Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory&#xd;
        amounted to $233
731
 $235
282
 and $302
817 for the fiscal&#xd;
        years ended February 28 or 29
 &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
 &#xd;
        &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt; and 2011
 respectively.&#xd;
        Total advertising expense for Aspen Leaf Yogurt amounted to&#xd;
        $192
088
 $85
147
 and $43
969 for the fiscal years ended&#xd;
        February 28 or 29
 &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
 &#xd;
        &lt;!--EFPlaceholder--&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt; and 2011
&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments consist of cash and&#xd;
      cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 payables
 and notes&#xd;
      receivable. The fair value of all instruments approximates&#xd;
      the carrying value
 because of the relatively short maturity&#xd;


      Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)&#xd;
      issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. The&#xd;
      amendments permit an entity first to assess qualitative&#xd;
      factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that&#xd;
      an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis&#xd;
      for determining whether it is necessary to perform the&#xd;
      quantitative impairment test in accordance with Subtopic&#xd;
      350-30
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-General Intangibles&#xd;
      Other than Goodwill. Determining that it is more likely than&#xd;
      not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired&#xd;
      will require quantitative impairment testing
 otherwise
 no&#xd;
      further action will be required. This ASU is effective for&#xd;
      annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal&#xd;
      years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption&#xd;
      permitted. The Company will adopt the amendments during its&#xd;
      fiscal year ending February 28
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The adoption&#xd;
      is not expected to have an impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#xd;


        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Sold
&#xd;
              Not Yet Open&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Open&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Rocky&#xd;
              Mountain Chocolate Factory&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-5&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Company-owned&#xd;
              stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-6&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;223&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;227&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-7&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic kiosks&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-8&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;International&#xd;
              License Stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-9&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Cold&#xd;
              Stone Creamery &amp;#8211; co-branded&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc. Stores (Including Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf&#xd;
              Yogurt)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-10&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Company-owned&#xd;
              stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font id=&quot;TAB1-11&quot; style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              stores &amp;#8211; Domestic stores&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;For&#xd;
                the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28
 or 29&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              stock price volatility&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Risk-free&#xd;
              interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Expected&#xd;
              life of options&lt;/font&gt; (years)&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      2 - INVENTORIES&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&#xd;
      consist of the following at February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Ingredients&#xd;
              and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
531
559&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
484
796&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Finished&#xd;
              candy&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
590
966&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
634
277&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc. food and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;98
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              inventories&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
221
036&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
119
073&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Ingredients&#xd;
              and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
531
559&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
484
796&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Finished&#xd;
              candy&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
590
966&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
634
277&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc. food and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;98
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;62%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              inventories&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
221
036&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
119
073&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      3 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&#xd;
      and equipment consists of the following at February 28 or&#xd;
      29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;513
618&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;513
618&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Building&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
764
005&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
700
905&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Machinery&#xd;
              and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
864
126&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
580
960&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Furniture&#xd;
              and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
024
261&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
614
484&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Leasehold&#xd;
              improvements&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
930
991&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
064
345&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Transportation&#xd;
              equipment&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;392
755&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;360
582&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17
489
756&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17
834
894&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
              accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
712
613&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9
319
250&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&#xd;
              and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
777
143&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
515
644&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;513
618&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;513
618&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Building&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
764
005&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
700
905&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Machinery&#xd;
              and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
864
126&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
580
960&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Furniture&#xd;
              and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
024
261&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
614
484&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Leasehold&#xd;
              improvements&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
930
991&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
064
345&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Transportation&#xd;
              equipment&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;392
755&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;360
582&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17
489
756&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17
834
894&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
              accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
712
613&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9
319
250&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&#xd;
              and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
777
143&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
515
644&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      4 - LINE OF CREDIT AND LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Line&#xd;
      of Credit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;At&#xd;
      February 28
 2013
 the Company had a $5 million line of&#xd;
      credit from a bank
 collateralized by substantially all of&#xd;
      the Company&amp;#8217;s assets with the exception of the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s retail store assets. Draws may be made under&#xd;
      the line at 75% of eligible accounts receivable plus 50% of&#xd;
      eligible inventories. Interest on borrowings is at prime less&#xd;
      50 basis points or at 5.0%
 whichever is greater (5.0% at&#xd;
      February 28
 2013). At February 28
 2013
 $5 million was&#xd;
      available for borrowings under the line of credit
 subject to&#xd;
      borrowing base limitations. Terms of the line require that&#xd;
      the line be rested (that is
 that there be no outstanding&#xd;
      balance) for a period of 30 consecutive days during the term&#xd;
      of the loan. Additionally
 the line of credit is subject to&#xd;
      various financial ratio and leverage covenants. At February&#xd;
      28
 2013 the Company was in compliance with all such&#xd;
      covenants. The credit line is subject to renewal in July 2013&#xd;
      and we believe it is likely to be renewed at terms similar to&#xd;
      current terms.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      November 2012
 Aspen Leaf Yogurt executed a promissory note&#xd;
      for $2.5 million in order to establish a line of credit for&#xd;
      the funding of the potential expansion of Company-owned Aspen&#xd;
      Leaf Yogurt locations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The line of credit was&#xd;
      guaranteed by Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc. At the&#xd;
      request of the Company
 upon the sale of substantially all&#xd;
      assets of Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 this promissory note was&#xd;
      cancelled and no amount is outstanding at February 28
&#xd;
      2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      5 &amp;#8211; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Operating&#xd;
      leases&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company conducts its retail operations in facilities leased&#xd;
      under five to ten-year non-cancelable operating leases.&#xd;
      Certain leases contain renewal options for between five and&#xd;
      ten additional years at increased monthly rentals. The&#xd;
      majority of the leases provide for contingent rentals based&#xd;
      on sales in excess of predetermined base levels.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      following is a schedule by year of future minimum rental&#xd;
      payments required under such leases for the years ending&#xd;
      February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;268
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;194
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;78
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;38
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;693
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      some instances the Company has leased space for its&#xd;
      Company-owned locations that are now occupied by franchisees
&#xd;
      or majority owned subsidiaries. When the Company-owned&#xd;
      location was sold or transferred
 the store was subleased to&#xd;
      the franchisee who is responsible for the monthly rent and&#xd;
      other obligations under the lease. The Company&apos;s liability as&#xd;
      primary lessee on sublet franchise outlets
 all of which is&#xd;
      offset by sublease rentals
 is as follows for the years&#xd;
      ending February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;686
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;644
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;541
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;293
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;119
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;212
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
495
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      following is a schedule of lease expense for all retail&#xd;
      operating leases for the three years ended February 28 or&#xd;
      29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Minimum&#xd;
              rentals&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;862
866&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;834
087&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;590
962&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
              sublease rentals&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(157
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(125
300&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(121
600&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Contingent&#xd;
              rentals&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;20
399&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17
692&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;14
377&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;726
265&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;726
479&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;483
739&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
        FY 2013
 the Company renewed an operating lease for&#xd;
        warehouse space in the immediate vicinity of its&#xd;
        manufacturing operation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The following is a&#xd;
        schedule
 by year
 of future minimum rental payments&#xd;
        required under such lease for the years ending February 28&#xd;
        or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;113
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;116
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;121
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;490
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company also leases trucking equipment under operating&#xd;
      leases. The following is a schedule by year of future minimum&#xd;
      rental payments required under such leases for the years&#xd;
      ending February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;133
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;38
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;171
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      following is a schedule of lease expense for trucking&#xd;
      equipment operating leases for the three years ended February&#xd;
      28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;201
081&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;200
826&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;206
844&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Purchase&#xd;
      contracts&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company frequently enters into purchase contracts of between&#xd;
      six to eighteen months for chocolate and certain&#xd;
      nuts.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These contracts permit the Company to&#xd;
      purchase the specified commodity at a fixed price on an&#xd;
      as-needed basis during the term of the&#xd;
      contract.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Because prices for these products may&#xd;
      fluctuate
 the Company may benefit if prices rise during the&#xd;
      terms of these contracts
 but it may be required to pay&#xd;
      above-market prices if prices fall and it is unable to&#xd;
      renegotiate the terms of the contract.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Currently&#xd;
      the Company has contracted for approximately $2.2 million of&#xd;
      raw materials under such agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company is party to various legal proceedings arising in the&#xd;
      ordinary course of business. Management believes that the&#xd;
      resolution of these matters will not have a significant&#xd;
      adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
&#xd;
      results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Resulting&#xd;
      from the purchase of the franchise rights of Yogurtini
 the&#xd;
      Company may pay up to an additional aggregate amount of&#xd;
      $1
400
000
 which is contingent on financial performance of&#xd;
      the franchise rights over a two-year period.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;268
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;194
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;78
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;38
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;693
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;113
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;116
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;121
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;490
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;133
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;38
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;171
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;686
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;644
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;541
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;293
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;119
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;212
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
495
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Minimum&#xd;
              rentals&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;862
866&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;834
087&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;590
962&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
              sublease rentals&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(157
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(125
300&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(121
600&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Contingent&#xd;
              rentals&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;20
399&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17
692&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;14
377&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;726
265&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;726
479&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;483
739&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;201
081&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;200
826&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;206
844&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      6 - INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        tax expense is comprised of the following for the years&#xd;
        ending February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5.5pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5.5pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5.5pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
090
996&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
128
049&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
650
552&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;287
026&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;173
822&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;217
039&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              Current&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
378
022&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
301
871&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
867
591&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
107
287&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;729
900&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;223
424&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(37
275&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
975&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
203&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
144
562&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;733
875&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;230
627&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
233
460&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
035
746&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
098
218&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;A&#xd;
      reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate and&#xd;
      the effective rate as a percentage of pretax income is as&#xd;
      follows for the years ending February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;90%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Statutory&#xd;
              rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;State&#xd;
              income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Domestic&#xd;
              production deduction&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Acquisition&#xd;
              related expenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Valuation&#xd;
              allowance
 U-Swirl
 Inc. Consolidated loss&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective&#xd;
              Rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;47.7&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.9&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

      increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the&#xd;
      tax consequences of acquiring a 60% majority interest in&#xd;
      U-Swirl
 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. and the Company will&#xd;
      continue to file separate income tax returns for each&#xd;
      entity.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. has a history of net losses&#xd;
      and does not expect to realize the tax benefit of those&#xd;
      losses.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The consolidation of U-Swirl net loss into&#xd;
      the results of the Company does not reduce the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s taxable income for the year. Additionally
&#xd;
      the acquisition of 60% U-Swirl
 Inc. resulted in&#xd;
      non-deductible acquisition related expenses of approximately&#xd;
      $268
000 for the fiscal year ended February 28
&#xd;
      2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Finally
 the Company will recognize a gain&#xd;
      of $222
000 for purposes of income tax reporting
 the result&#xd;
      of the transfer of Aspen Leaf Yogurt franchise rights to&#xd;
      U-Swirl
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      components of deferred income taxes at February 28 or 29 are&#xd;
      as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
              Tax Assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 12.7pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 12.7pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 446pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Allowance&#xd;
              for doubtful accounts and notes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;280
030&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;216
136&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;93
726&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;92
315&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 446pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
              compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;136
406&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;147
814&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Loss&#xd;
              provisions and deferred income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;166
650&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;156
738&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Self&#xd;
              insurance accrual&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;43
625&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;52
946&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Amortization
&#xd;
              design costs&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;71
868&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;87
213&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Restructuring&#xd;
              charges&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;115
963&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net loss&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;380
383&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Valuation allowance
 U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net loss&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(380
383&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            )&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Net deferred tax assets&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;908
268&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;753
162&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
              Tax Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Depreciation&#xd;
              and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
079
004&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
051
240&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Prepaid&#xd;
              expenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(82
325&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(99
605&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
161
329&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
150
845&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&#xd;
              deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;628
633&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;487
274&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-current&#xd;
              deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(881
694&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
884
957&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(253
061&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
397
683&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and&#xd;
      various state taxing jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 the&#xd;
      Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state tax&#xd;
      examinations in its major tax jurisdictions for periods&#xd;
      before FY 2008.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Realization&#xd;
      of the Company&apos;s deferred tax assets is dependent upon the&#xd;
      Company generating sufficient taxable income
 in the&#xd;
      appropriate tax jurisdictions
 in future years to obtain&#xd;
      benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary&#xd;
      differences. The amount of deferred tax assets considered&#xd;
      realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if&#xd;
      estimates of future taxable income are changed. Management&#xd;
      believes that it is more likely than not that the Company&#xd;
      will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets as of&#xd;
      February 28
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes by&#xd;
      recognizing the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position&#xd;
      only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will&#xd;
      be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based&#xd;
      on the technical merits of the position.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
      Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the financial&#xd;
      statements from such a position based on the largest benefit&#xd;
      that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon&#xd;
      ultimate resolution.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The application of income tax&#xd;
      law is inherently complex.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As such
 the Company is&#xd;
      required to make judgments regarding income tax exposures.&#xd;
      Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax law&#xd;
      and regulations change over time and may result in changes to&#xd;
      the Company&apos;s judgments which can materially affect amounts&#xd;
      recognized in the balance sheets and statements of&#xd;
      operations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The result of the assessment of the&#xd;
      Company&apos;s tax positions did not have an impact on the&#xd;
      financial statements for the years ended February 28 or 29
&#xd;
      2013 or 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&apos;s federal tax returns&#xd;
      for all years after 2009 and the Company&apos;s state tax returns&#xd;
      after 2008 are subject to future examination by tax&#xd;
      authorities for all of the Company&apos;s tax&#xd;
      jurisdictions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company does not have any&#xd;
      significant unrecognized tax benefits and does not anticipate&#xd;
      a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax&#xd;
      benefits within the next twelve months. Amounts are&#xd;
      recognized for income tax related interest and penalties as a&#xd;
      component of general and administrative expense in the&#xd;
      statement of income and are immaterial for years ended&#xd;
      February 28 or 29
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of February 28
 2013
 U-Swirl
 Inc. was not consolidated with&#xd;
      us for purposes of filing federal income&#xd;
      tax.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl
 Inc. files a separate federal tax&#xd;
      return and has its own federal loss&#xd;
      carryforward.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013 U-Swirl
&#xd;
      Inc. had recorded a full valuation allowance related to the&#xd;
      realization of its deferred income tax assets.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        accordance with section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
&#xd;
        deductibility of U-Swirl
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s U.S. net operating&#xd;
        loss carryovers may be subject to annual limitation in the&#xd;
        event of a change in control.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;We have performed&#xd;
        a preliminary evaluation as to whether a change in control&#xd;
        has taken place
 and have concluded that there was a change&#xd;
        of control with respect to the net operating losses of&#xd;
        U-Swirl
 Inc. when the Company acquired its 60% ownership&#xd;
        interest in January 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        estimate that the potential future tax deductions of&#xd;
        U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net operating losses
 limited by&#xd;
        section 382
 to be approximately $1.0 million with a&#xd;
        resulting deferred tax asset of approximately $380
000. We&#xd;
        have recorded a valuation allowance for this amount to&#xd;
        reflect the likelihood of realization of this deferred tax&#xd;
        asset.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5.5pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5.5pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5.5pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
090
996&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
128
049&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
650
552&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;287
026&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;173
822&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;217
039&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              Current&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
378
022&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
301
871&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
867
591&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
107
287&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;729
900&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;223
424&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(37
275&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
975&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
203&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
144
562&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;733
875&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;230
627&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
233
460&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
035
746&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
098
218&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Statutory&#xd;
              rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;State&#xd;
              income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Domestic&#xd;
              production deduction&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Acquisition&#xd;
              related expenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Valuation&#xd;
              allowance
 U-Swirl
 Inc. Consolidated loss&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;55%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective&#xd;
              Rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;47.7&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.4&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34.9&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
              Tax Assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 12.7pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 12.7pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 446pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Allowance&#xd;
              for doubtful accounts and notes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;280
030&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;216
136&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;93
726&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;92
315&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 446pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
              compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;136
406&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;147
814&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Loss&#xd;
              provisions and deferred income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;166
650&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;156
738&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Self&#xd;
              insurance accrual&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;43
625&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;52
946&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Amortization
&#xd;
              design costs&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;71
868&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;87
213&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Restructuring&#xd;
              charges&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;115
963&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net loss&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;380
383&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Valuation allowance
 U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net loss&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(380
383&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            )&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Net deferred tax assets&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;908
268&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;753
162&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
              Tax Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Depreciation&#xd;
              and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
079
004&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
051
240&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Prepaid&#xd;
              expenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(82
325&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(99
605&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
161
329&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
150
845&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&#xd;
              deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;628
633&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;487
274&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-current&#xd;
              deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(881
694&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
884
957&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(253
061&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(1
397
683&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
        7 &amp;#8211; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash&#xd;
      Dividend&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per common&#xd;
      share on June 10
 2011
 September 16
 2011
 December 9
 2011&#xd;
      and March 16
 2012 to shareholders of record on May 26
 2011
&#xd;
      September 6
 2011
 November 29
 2011 and March 2
 2012
&#xd;
      respectively. The Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of&#xd;
      $0.11 per common share on June 8
 2012
 September 14
 2012
&#xd;
      December 14
 2012 and March 15
 2013 to shareholders of&#xd;
      record on May 24
 2012
 September 4
 2012
 November 30
 2012&#xd;
      and March 1
 2013 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Future&#xd;
      declarations of dividends will depend on
 among other things
&#xd;
      the Company&apos;s results of operations
 financial condition
&#xd;
      capital requirements
 and on such other factors as the&#xd;
      Company&apos;s Board of Directors may in its discretion consider&#xd;
      relevant and in the best long term interest of the&#xd;
      shareholders.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      8 - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      FY 2008
 shareholders approved the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan&#xd;
      (the &amp;#8220;2007 Plan&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The 2007 Plan&#xd;
      allows awards of stock options; stock appreciation rights;&#xd;
      stock awards
 restricted stock and stock units; performance&#xd;
      shares and performance units; other stock or cash based&#xd;
      awards.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013
 219
240&#xd;
      restricted stock units
 12
936 stock options and 20
000&#xd;
      unrestricted shares have been awarded under the 2007 Plan and&#xd;
      213
128 shares of common stock is available for award under&#xd;
      the plan consisting of 300
000 shares originally authorized
&#xd;
      85
340 previously reserved for issuance under earlier plans&#xd;
      and 79
964 shares forfeited under the 2007 Plan and suspended&#xd;
      plans
 less shares awarded under the Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Under&#xd;
      the&amp;#160;&amp;#160;2004 Stock Option Plan (the &amp;#8220;2004&#xd;
      Plan&amp;#8221;)
 options to purchase up to 970
200 of the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s common stock were previously authorized to be&#xd;
      granted at prices not less than market value at the date of&#xd;
      grant. Options granted may not have a term exceeding ten&#xd;
      years under the&amp;#160;&amp;#160;the 2004 plan and the 2007 plan.&#xd;
      Options representing the right to purchase&amp;#160;&amp;#160;258
009&#xd;
      and 12
936 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock were&#xd;
      outstanding under the the 2004 Plan and the 2007 Plan
&#xd;
      respectively
 at February 28
 2013. On February 21
 2006
 the&#xd;
      Company accelerated the vesting of all outstanding stock&#xd;
      options in order to prevent past option grants from having an&#xd;
      impact on future results. The options outstanding under these&#xd;
      plans will expire
 if not exercised through February&#xd;
      2016.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Information&#xd;
      with respect to stock option awards outstanding under the&#xd;
      plans at February 28
 2013
 and changes for the three years&#xd;
      then ended was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Twelve&#xd;
                Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              stock options at beginning of year:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;307
088&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;341
890&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;367
762&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12
936&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(21
191&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(45
113&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(6
468&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(14
952&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
625&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(19
404&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              stock options as of February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;270
945&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;307
088&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;341
890&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;11.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10.84&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.83&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average remaining contractual term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.94&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.76&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;3.36&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Information&#xd;
      with respect to restricted stock unit awards outstanding&#xd;
      under the plans at February 28
 2013
 and changes for the&#xd;
      three years then ended was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Twelve&#xd;
                Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              non-vested restricted stock units at beginning of&#xd;
              year:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;101
980&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;141
260&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;129
280&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
540&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;44
300&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(44
190&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(43
300&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(32
320&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(760&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(520&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              non-vested restricted stock units as of February 28&#xd;
              or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;57
030&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;101
980&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;141
260&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.22&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.19&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average remaining vesting period (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.96&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Additional&#xd;
        information about stock options outstanding at February 28
&#xd;
        2013 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;90%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;11&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
              Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &amp;#160;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Range&#xd;
              of exercise prices&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Number&#xd;
              exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average remaining contractual life&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$7.408&#xd;
              to $7.415&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;169
284&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7.41&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$14.695&#xd;
              to $20.571&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;101
661&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.99&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17.43&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Twelve&#xd;
                Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              stock options at beginning of year:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;307
088&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;341
890&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;367
762&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12
936&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(21
191&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(45
113&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(6
468&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(14
952&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
625&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(19
404&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              stock options as of February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;270
945&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;307
088&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;341
890&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;11.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10.84&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.83&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average remaining contractual term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.94&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.76&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;3.36&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Twelve&#xd;
                Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;February&#xd;
              28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              non-vested restricted stock units at beginning of&#xd;
              year:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;101
980&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;141
260&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;129
280&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;4
540&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;44
300&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(44
190&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(43
300&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(32
320&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(760&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(520&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding&#xd;
              non-vested restricted stock units as of February 28&#xd;
              or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;57
030&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;101
980&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;141
260&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average grant date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.22&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.19&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average remaining vesting period (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.96&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;11&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
              Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &amp;#160;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Range&#xd;
              of exercise prices&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Number&#xd;
              exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average remaining contractual life&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Weighted&#xd;
              average exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$7.408&#xd;
              to $7.415&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;169
284&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7.41&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;52%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$14.695&#xd;
              to $20.571&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;101
661&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2.99&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;17.43&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      9 - OPERATING SEGMENTS&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company classifies its business interests into five&#xd;
      reportable segments: Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
 Inc.&#xd;
      Franchising
 Manufacturing
 Retail Stores
 U-Swirl
 Inc&#xd;
      operations and Other.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The accounting&#xd;
      policies of the segments are the same as those described in&#xd;
      the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 to&#xd;
      these consolidated financial statements. The Company&#xd;
      evaluates performance and allocates resources based on&#xd;
      operating contribution
 which excludes unallocated corporate&#xd;
      general and administrative costs and income tax expense or&#xd;
      benefit.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s reportable segments&#xd;
      are strategic businesses that utilize common merchandising
&#xd;
      distribution
 and marketing functions
 as well as common&#xd;
      information systems and corporate&#xd;
      administration.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All inter-segment sales prices are&#xd;
      market based.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each segment is managed separately&#xd;
      because of the differences in required infrastructure and the&#xd;
      difference in products and services:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &amp;#160;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&#xd;
              2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchising&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Manufacturing&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
047
039&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;26
451
612&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
395
805&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;505
956&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;38
400
412&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intersegment&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
085
211&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
085
211&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
              from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
047
039&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;24
366
401&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
395
805&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;505
956&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;36
315
201&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Segment&#xd;
              profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
494
868&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
853
360&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
251
581&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(320
446&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(4
192
707&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
583
494&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
302
094&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
510
745&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
305
006&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
446
319&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
269
781&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;23
833
945&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Capital&#xd;
              expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;25
985&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;277
675&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;290
330&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
719&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;146
162&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;742
871&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              depreciation &amp;amp; amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;39
029&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;290
076&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;383
550&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;70
146&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;152
577&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;935
378&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&#xd;
              2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
751
263&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;25
723
144&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
438
911&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;36
913
318&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intersegment&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
286
426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
286
426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
              from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
751
263&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;23
436
718&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;5
438
911&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34
626
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Segment&#xd;
              profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
572
926&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
704
333&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(289
418&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(3
076
064&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
911
777&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
434
619&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
238
204&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
212
456&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
277
691&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;24
162
970&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Capital&#xd;
              expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12
713&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;208
807&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
795
308&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;243
810&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
260
638&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              depreciation &amp;amp; amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;59
947&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;293
804&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;255
575&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;141
535&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;750
861&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&#xd;
              2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
783
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;23
837
108&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
716
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;33
337
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intersegment&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
209
540&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
209
540&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
              from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
783
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;21
627
568&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
716
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;31
127
971&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Segment&#xd;
              profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
859
433&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
227
366&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(300
958&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
776
782&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
009
059&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
486
799&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
731
004&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
038
373&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
202
631&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;21
458
807&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Capital&#xd;
              expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
519&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;225
165&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
166
311&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;225
310&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
620
305&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              depreciation &amp;amp; amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;78
101&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;340
552&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;108
437&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;143
231&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;670
321&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      information reported in our &amp;#8220;U-Swirl
 Inc.&amp;#8221;&#xd;
      segment includes data from January 14
 2013 through February&#xd;
      28
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      from one customer of the Company&amp;#8217;s Manufacturing&#xd;
      segment represents approximately $4.8 million of the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s revenues from external customers during year&#xd;
      ended February 28
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &amp;#160;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&#xd;
              2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchising&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Manufacturing&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Retail&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
              Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
047
039&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;26
451
612&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
395
805&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;505
956&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;38
400
412&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intersegment&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
085
211&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
085
211&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
              from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
047
039&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;24
366
401&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
395
805&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;505
956&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;36
315
201&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Segment&#xd;
              profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
494
868&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
853
360&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
251
581&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(320
446&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(4
192
707&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
583
494&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
302
094&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
510
745&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
305
006&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
446
319&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
269
781&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;23
833
945&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Capital&#xd;
              expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;25
985&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;277
675&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;290
330&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
719&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;146
162&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;742
871&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              depreciation &amp;amp; amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;39
029&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;290
076&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;383
550&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;70
146&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;152
577&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;935
378&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&#xd;
              2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
751
263&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;25
723
144&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
438
911&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;36
913
318&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intersegment&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
286
426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
286
426&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
              from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
751
263&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;23
436
718&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;5
438
911&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34
626
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Segment&#xd;
              profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
572
926&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
704
333&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(289
418&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(3
076
064&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
911
777&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
434
619&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
238
204&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
212
456&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
277
691&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;24
162
970&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Capital&#xd;
              expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;12
713&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;208
807&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
795
308&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;243
810&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
260
638&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              depreciation &amp;amp; amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;59
947&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;293
804&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;255
575&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;141
535&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;750
861&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;FY&#xd;
              2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
783
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;23
837
108&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
716
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;33
337
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intersegment&#xd;
              revenues&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
209
540&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
209
540&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
              from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5
783
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;21
627
568&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
716
511&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;31
127
971&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Segment&#xd;
              profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
859
433&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
227
366&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(300
958&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(2
776
782&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
009
059&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
486
799&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
731
004&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
038
373&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;6
202
631&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;21
458
807&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Capital&#xd;
              expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
519&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;225
165&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
166
311&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;225
310&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
620
305&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              depreciation &amp;amp; amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;78
101&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;340
552&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;108
437&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;143
231&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;670
321&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      10 - SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;For&#xd;
      the three years ended February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash&#xd;
              paid (received) for:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income&#xd;
              taxes paid&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
173
717&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
881
929&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
331
820&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
              Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;260
441&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;209
028&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;156
205&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-Cash&#xd;
              Financing Activities:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Dividend&#xd;
              payable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;667
532&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;616
239&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;606
998&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Issue&#xd;
              stock for rights and services&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
413&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fair&#xd;
              value of assets received upon settlement of notes and&#xd;
              accounts receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Store&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;63
198&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-Cash&#xd;
              Investing Activities:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Acquired&#xd;
              60% non-control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;ling&#xd;
              interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            800
000&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            -&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            -&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
              capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;130
481&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;326
849&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash&#xd;
              paid (received) for:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income&#xd;
              taxes paid&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
173
717&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
881
929&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
331
820&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
              Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;260
441&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;209
028&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;156
205&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-Cash&#xd;
              Financing Activities:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Dividend&#xd;
              payable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;667
532&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;616
239&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;606
998&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Issue&#xd;
              stock for rights and services&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
413&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fair&#xd;
              value of assets received upon settlement of notes and&#xd;
              accounts receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Store&#xd;
              assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;63
198&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Non-Cash&#xd;
              Investing Activities:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Acquired&#xd;
              60% non-control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;ling&#xd;
              interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            800
000&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            -&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            -&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;58%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
              capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;130
481&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;326
849&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      11 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company has a 401(k) plan called the Rocky Mountain Chocolate&#xd;
      Factory
 Inc. 401(k) Plan. Eligible participants are&#xd;
      permitted to make contributions up to statutory limits. The&#xd;
      Company makes a matching contribution
 which vests ratably&#xd;
      over a 3-year period
 and is 25% of the employee&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      contribution up to a maximum of 1.5% of the employee&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      compensation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;During the years ended February 28&#xd;
      or 29
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the Company&amp;#8217;s contribution&#xd;
      was approximately $50
000
 $39
000
 and $35
000
&#xd;
      respectively
 to the plan.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      12 &amp;#8211; SUMMARIZED QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Following&#xd;
      is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the&#xd;
      fiscal years ended February 28 or 29
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenue&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9
658
193&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
729
837&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
635
804&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
291
367&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;36
315
201&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              margin before depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
068
390&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
560
569&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
558
493&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
001
471&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;11
188
923&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
062
329&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;828
782&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(509
484&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;96
585&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
478
212&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
              earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.14&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(.08&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.02&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.24&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Diluted&#xd;
              earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.13&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(.08&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.02&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.24&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenue&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
637
924&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
575
788&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
279
910&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
133
270&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34
626
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              margin before depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
577
214&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
426
005&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
434
058&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
129
116&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
566
393&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;919
659&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;911
553&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;724
968&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
319
852&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
876
032&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
              earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.15&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.15&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.22&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.63&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Dilute&#xd;
              earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.15&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.14&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.21&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.62&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenue&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;9
658
193&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
729
837&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
635
804&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
291
367&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;36
315
201&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              margin before depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
068
390&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
560
569&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
558
493&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
001
471&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;11
188
923&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
062
329&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;828
782&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(509
484&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;96
585&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
478
212&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
              earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.14&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(.08&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.02&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.24&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Diluted&#xd;
              earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.17&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.13&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(.08&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.02&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.24&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              revenue&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
637
924&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;7
575
788&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;8
279
910&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
133
270&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;34
626
892&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              margin before depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
577
214&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
426
005&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
434
058&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
129
116&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10
566
393&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
              income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;919
659&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;911
553&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;724
968&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
319
852&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
876
032&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
              earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.15&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.15&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.22&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.63&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Dilute&#xd;
              earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.15&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.14&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.12&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.21&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;.62&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      13 &amp;#8211; GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
      assets consist of the following at February 28 or 29:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;22%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;22%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Amortization&#xd;
              Period (years)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accumulated&#xd;
              Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accumulated&#xd;
              Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
              assets subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Store&#xd;
              design&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;205
777&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;205
142&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;205
777&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;200
445&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Packaging&#xd;
              licenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Packaging&#xd;
              design&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Aspen&#xd;
              Leaf Yogurt Design&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;19
740&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
961&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;757
580&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;756
945&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;777
320&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;755
209&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
              assets not subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchising&#xd;
              segment-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Company&#xd;
              stores goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
099
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;267
020&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
099
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;267
020&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchising&#xd;
              goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Manufacturing&#xd;
              segment-Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Trademark&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
709
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;662
384&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
709
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;662
384&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              Rights&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;800
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
266
908&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
419
329&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
486
648&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
417
593&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Amortization&#xd;
      expense related to intangible assets totaled $8
316
 $43
744
&#xd;
      and $63
910 during the fiscal year ended February 28 or 29
&#xd;
      2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February&#xd;
      28
 2013 $635 net intangible assets subject to amortization&#xd;
      remained to be amortized through FY 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;22%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;22%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;3&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Amortization&#xd;
              Period (years)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accumulated&#xd;
              Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
              Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accumulated&#xd;
              Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
              assets subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Store&#xd;
              design&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;205
777&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;205
142&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;205
777&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;200
445&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Packaging&#xd;
              licenses&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;120
830&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Packaging&#xd;
              design&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;430
973&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Aspen&#xd;
              Leaf Yogurt Design&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;19
740&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
961&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;757
580&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;756
945&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;777
320&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;755
209&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
              assets not subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchising&#xd;
              segment-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Company&#xd;
              stores goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
099
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;267
020&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
099
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;267
020&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchising&#xd;
              goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Manufacturing&#xd;
              segment-Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;295
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;197
682&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Trademark&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
709
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;662
384&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
709
328&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;662
384&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Franchise&#xd;
              Rights&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;800
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
              intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;3%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;3
266
908&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
419
329&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2
486
648&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;1
417
593&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      14 &amp;#8211; RESTRUCTURING CHARGES&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      discussed in Note 1
 on January 14
 2013
 &amp;#8220;Newco&amp;#8221;&#xd;
      entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the&#xd;
      franchise rights of Yogurtini. In addition
 on January 14
&#xd;
      2013
 the Company entered into two agreements to sell all of&#xd;
      its membership interests in Newco and substantially all of&#xd;
      its assets in ALY to U-Swirl
 Inc.
 in exchange for a 60%&#xd;
      controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon&#xd;
      completion of these transactions
 the management of U-Swirl
&#xd;
      Inc. is responsible for operations at all company-owned Aspen&#xd;
      Leaf Yogurt locations and the selling and support of&#xd;
      franchise locations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Associated with this&#xd;
      transaction
 the Company recorded net restructuring charges&#xd;
      of $635
168 as of February 28
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Restructuring&#xd;
      charges incurred at February 28
 2013 were comprised of the&#xd;
      following:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Professional&#xd;
              fees&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;337
599&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Severance&#xd;
              compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;28
155&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Previously&#xd;
              deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(44
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Provision&#xd;
              for termination of contractual obligations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;185
414&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;128
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;635
168&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  

        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Professional&#xd;
              fees&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;337
599&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Severance&#xd;
              compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;28
155&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Previously&#xd;
              deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(44
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Provision&#xd;
              for termination of contractual obligations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;185
414&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;128
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;635
168&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      15 &amp;#8211; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company has entered into Franchise Agreements and a&#xd;
      Development Agreement with a member of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      Board of Directors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The director operates two ALY&#xd;
      locations under the Franchise Agreements and the Development&#xd;
      Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of February 28
 2013
 the Company had receivables of&#xd;
      approximately $2
000 due from such director associated with&#xd;
      the director&amp;#8217;s ownership and operation of the two&#xd;
      current ALY locations.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Our&#xd;
      President and Chief Executive Officer has members of his&#xd;
      immediate family with ownership interests in retail marketing&#xd;
      businesses.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These businesses have
 on occasion
&#xd;
      provided services to the Company and may provide services in&#xd;
      the future.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of February 28
 2013
 the Company&#xd;
      had incurred expenses of $13
850 and there was no amount&#xd;
      recorded to accounts payable that related to these&#xd;
      businesses. Transactions with these businesses have been&#xd;
      immaterial to our results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;U-Swirl
&#xd;
      Inc. was owed $8
597 and $7
048 as of February 28
 2013 and&#xd;
      December 31
 2012
 respectively
 from a U-Swirl franchisee&#xd;
      that is owned and operated by the grandchildren of the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Marketing Officer. The corporate&#xd;
      secretary and treasurer of the franchisee is also the&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s corporate secretary.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of February 28
 2013
 U-Swirl
 Inc. had deferred revenue of&#xd;
      $30
000 from an area developer in which the Company&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer have a&#xd;
      minority interest.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      16 &amp;#8211; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Subsequent&#xd;
      to year end
 the Company entered into agreements to acquire&#xd;
      two formerly Franchise owned and operated&#xd;
      locations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company purchased these locations&#xd;
      with the intent of upgrading them to current design&#xd;
      specifications.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon completion of the design&#xd;
      upgrades
 the Company intends to sell them to franchisees and&#xd;
      finance the franchisee purchase of the&#xd;
      locations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company acquired the locations for&#xd;
      $105
000 plus the costs of inventory.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The results&#xd;
      of the transactions are expected to have an immaterial impact&#xd;
      on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE&#xd;
      17 &amp;#8211; ACQUISITION OF U-SWIRL
 INC.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;On&#xd;
      January 14
 2013 the Company entered into an agreement to&#xd;
      acquire a 60% controlling equity interest in U-Swirl
 Inc.
 a&#xd;
      publicly traded company (OTCQB: SWRL).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U-Swirl
&#xd;
      Inc. is a franchisor and operator of self-serve frozen yogurt&#xd;
      locations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In exchange for our 60% interest we&#xd;
      contributed our recently acquired franchise rights in YHI
&#xd;
      Inc. and Yogurtini International
 LLC (collectively
&#xd;
      &amp;#8220;Yogurtini&amp;#8221;) as well as the franchise rights for&#xd;
      Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;With the addition of&#xd;
      Yogurtini and Aspen Leaf Yogurt we believe that U-Swirl
 Inc.&#xd;
      will have the &amp;#8220;critical mass&amp;#8221; necessary to&#xd;
      achieve profitability.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      accounted for this business combination in accordance with&#xd;
      ASC 805 &amp;#8211; Business Combinations
 which requires the&#xd;
      acquiring entity in a business combination to recognize all&#xd;
      the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the&#xd;
      transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      purchase price was allocated as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Assets&#xd;
              acquired&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;1
763
110&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Liabilities&#xd;
              assumed&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;(746
585&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Non-controlling&#xd;
            interest&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;(664
612&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;Total&#xd;
            purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;351
913&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

        consideration for the purchase price was made up of 40% of&#xd;
        the following assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Yogurtini&#xd;
                franchise rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;31
913&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
                consideration paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;351
913&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;

          the acquisition date
 the fair value of the&#xd;
          non-controlling interest was $664
612.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
          fair value of the non-controlling interest was based upon&#xd;
          reference to quoted market valued of U-Swirl
 Inc. stock&#xd;
          plus bargain purchase adjustment of approximately&#xd;
          $258
000 resulting from the allocation of the purchase&#xd;
          price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fair&#xd;
        valuation methods used for the identifiable net assets&#xd;
        acquired in the acquisition make use of quoted prices in&#xd;
        active markets and discounted cash flows.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#xd;
        fair value of franchise rights is provisional pending&#xd;
        contingent payment
 as outlined in Note 5
 above.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;At&#xd;
        the same time that the Company entered into this agreement
&#xd;
        we also entered into an agreement to sell substantially all&#xd;
        of the assets held by Aspen Leaf Yogurt
 LLC to U-Swirl
&#xd;
        Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In exchange for these assets
 the company&#xd;
        holds notes receivable (payable by U-Swirl
 Inc.) in the&#xd;
        amount of $900
000
 which are eliminated on&#xd;
        consolidation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Those assets are carried at&#xd;
        historical cost.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      a part of these transactions we recognized $635
168 as&#xd;
      acquisition related costs in the line item&#xd;
      &amp;#8220;Restructuring charges&amp;#8221; on our Income&#xd;
      Statement.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Included&#xd;
      in our consolidated earnings are U-Swirl&amp;#8217;s losses&#xd;
      between January 14
 2013 and February 28
 2013 of&#xd;
      $(320
446).&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Assets&#xd;
              acquired&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;1
763
110&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Liabilities&#xd;
              assumed&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;(746
585&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Non-controlling&#xd;
            interest&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;(664
612&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;Total&#xd;
            purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;351
913&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Yogurtini&#xd;
                franchise rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;31
913&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;justify&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
                &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
                consideration paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;351
913&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;SCHEDULE&#xd;
      II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
              at Beginning of Period&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Additions&#xd;
              Charged to Costs &amp;amp; Exp.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &amp;#160;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
              at End of Period&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Year&#xd;
              Ended February 28
 &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Valuation&#xd;
              Allowance for Accounts and Notes Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;584
151&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;318
563&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;595
588&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Year&#xd;
              Ended February 29
 &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Valuation&#xd;
              Allowance for Accounts and Notes Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;390
319&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;352
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;158
168&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;584
151&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr style=&quot;background-color: #C0FFFF;&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Year&#xd;
              Ended February 28
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td align=&quot;left&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;48%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;div style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&quot; align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
              &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Valuation&#xd;
              Allowance for Accounts and Notes Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;/div&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;395
291&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;195
000&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;199
972&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;390
319&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;td nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    



 exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of $286
541
 $278
266 and $321
191



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    










    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $507
806 and $488
448




 current portion
 less current portion of the valuation allowance of $10
382 and $0



    



 less reserve for slow moving inventory of $253
148 and $249
500



    


    


    






    

    



 less current portion and allowance for doubtful accounts of $37
400 and $95
703







    






    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    



 $.10 par value; 250



 $.10 par value; 250




authorized 50



 authorized 200




 $.03 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 6
068
470 and 6
162
389 shares issued and outstanding



    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    












































    

    






    

    


    


    


    





    


    

    


    


    


    






    

    


    

    

    

    


    

    


    

    

    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    


    





    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    

    


    















 Plant and Equipment








 Goodwill







    











 Credit Risk






















    


    

    



 Stock Options











    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    



 Stock Options








 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans











    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    








    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    





    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    






    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    






    


    


    



 U-Swirl



    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    






    







 U-Swirl



    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    

    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    






    


    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    






    






    

    














    

    


    

    












    





    





    


    

    


    


    



    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    
















    










    

    


    






















    



 Plant and Equipment


    


    


    



 Major Customer






    

    


 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 Value
 Share-based Compensation



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period












 Nonvested Awards




 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized




 Shares
 Share-based Compensation




 Options
 Grants in Period







    

    

    

    


    






    







 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range














    


    


    



 Contingent Consideration


    






    



 Bargain Purchase
 Gain Recognized



    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards




 Dividends
 Per Share




 Dividends
 Per Share



    



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award











 Options
 Outstanding



    



 Employer Matching Contribution




 Maximum Annual Contribution Per Employee







    














    


    


    


 Cost of Acquired Entity











 Purchase Price Allocation




 Purchase Price Allocation



    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    








    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    








    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    








    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    








    

    


 Plant and Equipment


    

    


    

    








 Value





    


    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





    


 Bargain Purchase
 Gain Recognized


    




    





 Deductions


    


    

    







    





    


 Value






 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items






 Maximum Annual Contribution Per Employee





    

    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable












 Purchase Price Allocation


    

    




    





 Plant


    





 Operating Loss Carryforwards





    





    


 Stock Options



 Contingent Consideration






    


 Value
 Share-based Compensation






    

    


    




    




    

    


 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable


    

    

    




    

    

    


 Dividends
 Per Share





    

    














 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Outstanding


    


    

    




    


 Net



 Cost of Acquired Entity





    

    




    

    







    




    





 Purchase Price Allocation





    


 Dividends
 Per Share


    

    

    




    

    

    







    


    


 Stock Issued


    








 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award


    


 Plant and Equipment


    





 Future Minimum Payments Receivable


    


 Credit Risk





    














 Value
 Stock Options Exercised



 Nonvested Awards



 Stock Options


    





 Employer Matching Contribution



 Goodwill



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



 Purchase Price Allocation



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


    

    







    


 Options
 Grants in Period



 Major Customer



 Net



    




    





 Property





    


 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    

    





 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range






 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






    


 Plant and Equipment



    

    


    


    


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0!F17AI9@``34T`*@````@`!`$:``4`
M```!````/@$;``4````!````1@$H``
````!``(```$Q``(````0````3@``
M``````!@`````0```&`````!4&%I;G0N3D54('8U+C`P`/_;`$
``0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`?_;`$
!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!






`P$`




M2_#_`



?\`!S!X
M[\7?L%0?M?Z-_P`$[II?B;?_`/!1G0_^=.E?LW7'[5VFV$]YX[U_P'4'C*

M:.`X?S.5.G3G5E+!\4YEALHR&I15-2^L5
=F6















\-?\(/]B_L?[-_8_P#;7C#[1]H\[^U(
M/)\J7Y[_`&O?^KWQ1^&G[5=U^PY^P=^POXY_P"B'[47@GP/HOQ.^.WAO1/
MC1X`_9U^%_P+\$^*8)YO-KXS^



10=
M2I*$*D_[62P%'V4IK%5YTHX5UE5I.?[0T5_/-XB_X+]^&O#/[`W[:G[4'B+]

M_AW5_P#A4_A+PAH_C7Q'_;NH)H^B_8+.2RO=
_MC^T;Z-8=/NH3TT:4L15JT

HK.I









:DYQIU
#A\FJ


M/@W3O%6MO/K4?Q#U\7)\.6PCTI7UN2/1NFG2G6Q6'P5+DJ8K%9?F6:4:$*M*

M6E3J*FJ^8RKQPE.



/$-S-_97]IW=OID5]#:Q_8O_!-K_@H_












;@)\L
5EU3B
MEC83G$
//A;+












\7:X==M[:T_4?]KC_`(*#


]Y#IOAZ6^\(+JE_I\MK'K\3
[014E&G2P]9SA*EBL1
M0PV'G1G&O&K4Q&295Q)3G'V#J?[-'(
ZR[-Z^
=L)AL!4KXC$UZ4
#CGAB;]








U@
?\%2O'?[5W[#TO[5'_!/K]C/QO^TM
M\9_#_P`5[[X,?$_]C?XI?%[X=_LH_%/X0^/?5])8_$OP[\0O%'Q#A\0^%]$
MU[P8)-(U2#09HQJFN:-K^F3-;Z1J2ZAI-C\I?\$^_P#@LI^WU^W?\;/$O@W
M_P"/O\`PK/X4_![]H3Q+^S=^TY\:O\`AX%\%_&?_B?'W@NW63Q;:_\*X?X


MG*I2]VG4G7CB:3QRJ8&KA(1EBZ.91_LS
'_9E6A#


M`+
F6'_VJ.4RH?O(YYE.+SW*G\'UK*L#3K5L5BO?Y?8JG2H5*BHXCV6(JQ47
M1I5%4I\^U6+H3S6G57)/)



'-%=/#7FFWVK1ZY9Q
MP?27PO\`VW_^PGBO2_BW=_$K_@AM_PJC4O!_P`*]4\6?O2?^'F/[+WCK_A




M4=_PK+_A%+3]H2Z_X5+_`
++_P$T^W_`/B+GQ);;/^$\_X5_X3^R_\)5_P

%B\QJU(+!X')Y9_B:T9*IRY-&K1H+







M

M`/@H;HOQ8^#/[6'[


P%:ABH4O9UJV%Q%


MC_\`!9_Q=_P47_9E\
^









ZQ6=X^2?[[ZMCLXR'C+AKZQ!S5I*AE/$&0



M-3O/#EO&FJ63VXEK\JOVG]+L_P!E7]CG_@LA^Q5^W$WCGQI_P53L;_\`9SUS






M\^'HYCA


$?

MT'PA+X?EUC0-6U/2[[PY!KLE_K^CB?S7XK_L2G]O#_@L'_P7K^%?AC71X$^.



M(RW(

)=&U.2.RS+I\<BVWVHK;#4+GHM6_:I^&_\`
MP1=_X+#?\%&/BW^WEI7B[X9?LI_\%&=
_9U^(7P*_:QTCX9^._'W@*'QS\&?

=5
MSW'9QAJE;$.G*.


MC#\


:U:%'T\)4G+
M#8/#TL.J4*6^+G5QZPSQ4H2G2QF98RLJ4'2HU)8G#\+X++*5#G4JT*63X'A





!1E:/U

JYC+!9G4B\11QF54YX.&'P]7$U\7+^4


]UHOB*7PAH4\32.;S1YH+Q]&N;#^UM6%[-_P=5Z5\._A





M-2K&I#FHU?X?K[]D'Q'_`
%)?^UO_!8;5_V=?VZ?VKOV0_$T?[+W[$7Q`^
M_P`1_P!ECXR:W\

'Q
^'OB7X9_P#!3OX-

MFLX]$N%\


9SK%Y1'%XW+J=7%X/&8
MV.*_E9\9_M'_``\_X(X?\%C/V_OVDOVY=-\;_#S]D;_@H9X`_9DU3X1?M5Z/




M``S_`+:__!3S]E/_`(*U_LE?L#_\$[OV
Y_BM\4OVN_%7[1?[(-Y\4O@A;?!

TR%
M)]=O94T6QN[E/@GXE^/O&/[-'B+_`(*E_MD_#_0;WQ%XG\?\%F_^BG[+:Z



M/V1X])FT*'6_





M@_;L_8[_`.1'_!8K]OSPG^W5\8V^:W'['/_!





'_`-N'P`G[)EU\4)/V?KKXF?#+4;[X;?$S3/$/QAL[/QO



M36AUGQ!-:^
+RYN-4N)I;RUL;AFMD_TGOV;?B#\.?BO^S[\%/B1\(?'GB#XI

['%XS.<8Z53]Y5I2
MS;,?[0]CO3^KTG1P[<J*Y\)*K5C&C-U:<H5OK'\X.I?\K5?AO\`[0XZC_ZT


/!*Z9I&G^)(M:GL=

(7@^Q_!/_@IC^V[XVL+6X=435O$UCI'AZ#P=HER%





M\6/B/:^


MQ6!XMPW&=#'4Z


_9L_
M;R^$?[0/[*/Q(_X6K\(M1UCQ)X6L_%O_'^/?`WG:]X9=+;6['^P?B1X6\'
M^)H_L4T\2?:I=%2SN=VZTN+A%9A_GZ_LF_\`!./]KCXH?\$
;_\`;!_9!_:\


/%8C
L5AG[*

=2P^+P69X7-*F*Q.&K4HX;







MN




*
:6*KJ=.K-4JE/U?KTXX[$YC3@HX
MA\293Q1@8S;G0P^.RG(JV14J.+A%4ZF

M.^)'[$WQ`M?!/_!IS^QE\5/%W[0O[*OQ%U/3?VL+3QAXF^#GC)OA-^T9\(M:



8[CO$8YQC=K#\;8/ZO[+RNJN%Q65

MAPY3C!U8\
8'A7#8!2GR1J8CAC


,[/3OA1\$?#OA%/#DGBK4_BM\4M3M?!7A.YT/


MHC:EI[V]XVD:SJVFF8V6HWD

_LB
M_%3]FK]HGX?##X-^'/C-I_P2^)?C?PA^S;^T5\=OA=;?##5M;T;X8_%'XS?








MO#K?B/X?:CXKTV#P+X0M=%\0Z79Z);6]$*E*CA^7ZFZ]25:O)TXXFMRT:-?/



M!.-5T




^+?A?QS^Q=XFC\3?\





M:.Q/-A,9[*6`Q5.A#&XFM'EKR^M814'2=&$,SXIQ]C4JRK^QPN=9GDV+P&



MFL6=_P##S]K?A[^SW\`_A)XK^)7COX4_`_X0?#+QQ\9M97Q'\8/&7P]^&G@S





/7JT8PE0P\
/?$W[46EV_AKP9\-_#6BZ7X7U'3_@=\.]/75M)O?'?@N3
M]H#2K<^*I_$^AG7I?-/^CGB71OA9_P4;_80_:+\0ZG;Z)X=_9J_9P_:S^*/




OWG\$^-9O#?AZ7Q;X5E+Z%XDDT'17UBPO6TNQ
M
%J3A7R_&47[/$X;'\1YG4YX4ZT%B

MA


MW'PB^$]YH_Q(\.W?PP^'EUX?^
GVW_A;VA7'@KPW/H_Q5_M/PEI?@#4O^%D:


RW37-S-(\U^65/V6&C*A3I<
T.'L

.OV2/V3/BW'XZ
MD^)G[,G[.WQ-A^+,?@5_B8_CKX+_``U\:1_$R+X:17*?#-O'3:_X;U)?&<?@
M"_O%\G7SJ2^%8KVY70#8)<2A^O%UZ%7&YEC


/'^E_VS


G14\53PF-^LQI1]W_:LYSW.O:8?#<]5T*6'^OT</
MLG[5X;`.C.J\/'V2QQ7+4P]:I&$L,HXW&5Z-:55RC0HU,9PW+86O74*


MD:.*PUXJ4






M#]1OA[^SW\`_A)XK^)7COX4_`_X0?#+QQ\9M97Q'\8/&7P]^&G@SP7XK^*_B


ME1AG-'$X;

M


M_C(UKH_A_3=8E\.+^SOX2^


M/6+RZ



M\(5Q'PF_9:\._&?_`(*+?\%`/'?BW_@GY_P3]_:+\.^'?VW/A?8:K^T5^T-K
M-C/^TE\+[?2/V./V2=:73?A5X)U/]C?XNV/B#3?#
UY%XH\



M`7Q(_9?^


5C?\`









MS5!\!H?A_P#`GP_X(\(:=X)^




UHY=RYMB)T9TZ.








W1Y94E[VT;4LNGE\)5*KISC5PF+Q+56M]8CPGQ!D]+$5XR4D

A_T10R++%%(LD<
MRR1HZS0X,4JNH821$/(#&X.Y'<;2
.W4_
WQ%_9E_8RN-
\.^-_BU^SY^S%

^&

Z9H



X4HXW#4UB*%&M5I82E.73BJU*K6
MH8RI3Y(4L5AI4*M6/-3]K'`^'&58JE*'M*


#4:AB
M*
*M/R?]ASXF?M`^._@W^TEX9_:'@^(DWB+X2?%+QCX#\*ZY\:O$/[&VJ?'S
M5?!U]\




ML\\KMC^)?V=_V?\`QG\+]!^'C#X%_!WQ7\%_T/ABV\
?'Q+\,O!6N__P
MY;^?LW_``AD&@^`-4T2Z\*:1#X1^QV?_
1:?I-NF@?9+;^REM/(BV[0K.A


GQ1^)%CX@?]BG6O!^BZII'Q;^

5E\/_@'XUTKXRWO
MB;PAX!_X*7?LO^/;CPC^T[^W'J7Q4^!/Q-\?L/V]?@O\1O@J_B7QIX7\96OA
MS5?'/Q'U.V_:G^+WCS3_`(\_#OP/\3/^$(^'/A\^+=`^'?[S?M#_`!;_`&1_




MSA.I4Q

M-CLDJ4UB\3^%'[/G[.O[
G[/O_!.#_@E;^T=\`_@7\&?@_\`MF_$2/\`X)TZ


MC)_B+\!/V./V5O@A\09-
U#1)/'?PA_9Z^$GPU\92:-JTD$NJ:2_B?P9X0T7





M



$B\#RPQ*PMJ<UA*N-AAL+)5ZF'QT<.H8##5,/C(
M9+*OG6M1\]:4HSJ053#Y_2J8O1XV=3..5866*LXPQ4,KAS*H3RV=6K6S*MA

7[('AWXI_#X2^#O










-@*]+-L)4KT(1Q.`CF&95?[1




?9;F&PCJS<U[5X2KCJE6=14




:S\08]-U'4_RW
Z_^UQ\0/A(O@[X/Z%9?6T\/?$O7_V



EKHFFQ6WG
O[$7[%UQ:?#33Y_P!D/]E^:P^_B2\\9?!VRE^
M`/PIDM/A/XOU&]T?4M0\5?#2V?PF8?`GB2_U'P[X?U\USPLFE:G=7NA:/=3
MW3SZ992088+_`&?
L!CJJC*.'R*CE6
C&


M^(/BC:M\%_`/A#6_BQX=A'AGPS_PD/BWQAXH\)?+^W/V7M8\36'@:+PU+:_
MLM6_C?3OBU?:YX3\2KX_\:Z/\?/@YHNMZK?:=\+/B1=^//UCKS:+X-?&WNK


ML=CZWUV==U

(.



MLR?'Z^O_`(H_#OXN_#'3_BQ\0=.^!OB3X:_M5_'?]NC0-*\#?\*^\(7WB'PC


MXCU'P]X

6



+_7?%G@DZCH?P

/BIU?9S4Y2P


M/\'M`E_9)AU3]D3Q?^T5_P`%&_VE/AMJ7Q4_:5T?]HCXA^$;SQ!\/G_9^_97

=K)=06UR]
MNDQ=87N+:WG:
*TL$4A:-?Z/Z*[



-$G_:[^*/_!0'_@F]\9_V3=$N;Q+O



U::EBZD^:6/G5X6P-#%Y@X+ZW
ME=2IET\-%4L)B
/_`#:?#NRU_P`7?##]B?X0V?Q*^+OPX\&?&;_@L9_P5'\&

MPWKNB^(+&6P@OM!UK1M7MK/4K7XM^*GQ=TW6_P!FK]ICP;^V/^UC\=_A?X!^
M&O[/7[=OPQ_8FU-/VEOB]X;\2_'_`.*?PV_:Z_;3^#/B'P=XL2/Q=;W?[:GQ



TRW)\TFE&6-



MPG7C3QG\/_#WC?XQ:'X1G\3Z;^U%JG[#GPEM;Q?!WCGQ-I5G^TI^V=X4TZ^^
M)O[.GP9U+5?#EC9KXH^$


M7QTG3M+^!9T?X^.=+^(N@_V'\1?%6L6/@ZBU_6]0T?]6?VS_BOX.^%G[

MX4TZ^^)O[.GP9U+5?#EC9KXH^$

6H9=E699=0IJ=1.$\?DO#N50KTJJGST*






+JXC$2G*3J8K'T*GU
M;-J\FZN:NCA*^

=OV@/$7PF^'VC^)_V
M/'PV_9%^*/[2?Q,MO@C^SQ:?$_2OB/\4?%?QS^VN_'G4_!GBC1/A#XI^*\
M0_9^\1W


MOAJF*Q6)JU=Z]1U9XNK27L*N


M^+7[
G@/X_\`Q3UZX^$G['7@7X(_'_4?V:_B?X5_9QB\;6GAOX)6ESI7A?\`


M\=?LY_MI^*)?@QX8^$/_``1LATSXQ?LZ_%+5/%WAOP!J?Q_;Z^*W@WX\:_\
M.]0\'W7B#PU=^,-4\V]CX8^)5IH5EJ][KEOHMIX(\;Z;J8TQ]`B_J3KSGXJ





M2M[2E36$C]8Q52

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBO%


92;48N3492:BFVHPBYSDTOLPA&4I/:
4Y.R39[31

M?O#_`








M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111

M)]`'O]%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444

'A7PGXE\0RVRZ1H6J7=J`=!

M44`%?B[_`



IAZBINGB:%*MAZF

MI4ZZPE6

5]5Q?L?JM;\@OBA^UE^TOK/@[_@G+\4?V7_`-OD?'?QA^U';?LZ



SK^H7
]S
M)IZ!_P`$M_V#_#GBGXA^+;3X!V6IW/Q.T'XS^&/$/AOQ;X^^*OCKX9Z+H/[1
M6K#7/COIOPR^$'C7QUX@^%/P7A^+NJC[7\0'^#W@SP+-XG9I(]4EN(99(W[*



O!
M_@_XT^



M`.)GKMC^VK\7?B3^T]\+-3\=W'SZG\4M`_9?^*7B36_V1?@_\0+V6XUJ'2M0
M^`'P!^$NC_#_`



M!^UY^U!^T/XQ^#5[X3OO^7WB6V\:^(-!\&^%/A'^U1^V%\)?@7\9?C3\96


M]&T[PYX5\)^%?#FG6VC^'O#7AKP]H]M9Z1H7A_0M(L[32]&T;2[2UT[2].M;
M:QL;:V@BB7H*`/YX?\`@@YX#^,O@[P#XN/[96F^(/B?^U@OQ@_X*Z':_M-
M:))!XL^`6HZ=H'_!0OXQZ/\`M2^!OA/#X;^$GPET/]FWQ!XU_:CTV_\`B[XR



M!K+Q!\7OVG_'GA6ZU'5=


MPTSXM?MJ^

M^Q#\'_`GBGPYH'BKQQH'Q2N_#]Q\+9/BM]/_``4_9[^`7[-?A74/`O[.GP.^

M-T/2[K6;BTDU&XT[1M*L9KE[;3K.*'V@#X`_X4S_P4$^)_S?%+]M#X?_L\
M^'[W_BHK/PO^Q5^SIX8N/BGX-UBYYM_AUK_[0_[8NJ?M+_#+XS?#_P`/66H:



MM:W7B[Q7J=AIZZMH]C!J.IVOZL5\`_\`!2/]E7XT?MB_LWZ]\%_@S\7_`(??
M#6Y\1&_L?&GA3XR?!W1?C1\&_C!X0U+1=1T^3P5X_P!$DN]#\9^'TTS7)]%\



:CJ7@CX5_\)3X8\?^

(X^K4G3BH3C@_J;I
M<'86E&M4DGC'F4/K64U*\_J\<MQ%/\659XS#5*^(6%]E?!K%-NV*X(AC6K\












M_LGU[_7@'B/_`).F^#?_`&0#]I7_`-6+^R?0![_1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445\`?\`#P3P)\4?^)-^Q7\/
MOB!^VGX@U/\`=^'?B!\--#UCPO\`L;-:R_\`$JG\;ZE^W7XNT2V_9R\;?#_P
M3XSN=.\)_%C1_P!ESQ+^T[^T=X0OHO&5MX9_9O\`B!X@^&'Q%\-^&P#[_KY@


ME[;3K.*$`^8/^

/%^Q+^S9_9?B70O^L@



KRPU!UHQYN6KAU*/+S3E3GB*5.K&E!U



MW2:


T*;4_!/P%A\8^*KOX7Z/XYU'Q)YE_I&J^&
M_`GPX@UC3?[


J@X4ZL\UC.&C&L\G4IV

M7^N?X2_&CX._'WP59?$GX$_%CX:?&KX=:E=ZA8:=X^^$OCOPO\1_!6H7^DW3
MV.JV5EXJ\':KK.A75WIE[')9ZA;07\DUE=1O;W*1RJR#B_$?_)TWP;_[(!^T


M;^UCJ_[7?[
GA7_@G'\`OV@/V?O`J_M?^




M:=HVE6


N]`_9?^%OPF^#_[(MO\0-$EO?$\.E?'J\^`-]^T=%X

ML^

M-\+?VH?A_P#M-^($_?WG@/\`8JM_$_[='Q3TC1U_=W'B[7_A+^QUH'QQ^)OA
MWX?V%[+I^C:K\1==\)Z?X$TCQ'K_`(5\-:GXBM/$'B[PQINK@'W_`$5\`?\`

M%?%WPM^.OA_PCJ&K_$0`^_Z\`^.G[6/[+/[+_P#PBW_#2_[2WP`_9W_X3C^V



M`
<`?/_P#PWU_PEO\`R0+]BO\`;_\`
MV@/[/_Y&S_C''_AC_P#X1+[7_P`@+_E)=XR_8<_X6'_;WV;6?^2*_P#T/\`

M`/X5!_PBGV+_`*KC_P`+`_X23_FFG_$_P#%P/O^O/\`_A;/PL_X6G_PHO\`
MX67\/_\`A=O_``K_`/X6Q_PIW_A,O#O_``M/_A5G_1_\(?_`



$_P!H
MOQ#\--+_`&?/'OB!8_%FEK<^$_`OQ/\`$?BJSGM?$MK=Z-!<^_&
.A&C?$O





M4?VK?'W[0'B;P5^S7I_[4?[17ASXK^

?CL_A[P[^TUXCT/XI:C\3]3M



_V3OBC\+)?AM'\3/'/@WX6_M)_$G]M7



\2ZSJ^M:=K,X!^C]%?A#\'OV
MY/\`@N-XL^/O@WP]\7?^&?A_P$W[/GB_Q!\)_GB7QU;?\%'OV9?&WBKX-


GA'Q!HGB3Q%XIT*


M3_@IC\;_`(A_MH?&_P'OQ9\0?L\7Z?L&:I^R7X8TCX9VWPZ_9@T?QMH#_&[
M]J;]C:Z^*7Q!^&?P]^*VK_'G6/V6HOV8?A#J&H_!&^_N\\#:+_P5WT+]I_X;
M6GQ*^)?_``3@^*G[%\GA_7+GXO\`B'P-\#OVF_@#^T_9^*G\/^-HO#6C?#;P
M=K_[0O[2GPIU+P_;^*8?AS?:YXE\3^.M)U&\\/ZCXVTNP\)V.HZ-H6L:Z`?H
M_17Y@?%+]D;_`(*'?$#]K'7?B?X3_P"MOQ`^!W[(NK_`-F?V?\`LH_W]C3
M]DK5O'?A?[!\-M/\/77]A?M-_&OP?\8+VX_MOXFV5S\2-3_X27X0^(O*T?5]

M/[0T_P%O[8?PL^!W@2W_LC1]/T*U_L+X6_!3]FGX?\`PR\+^;9:9;3ZG_PC
M7A'2/[;UB34/$6L_;_$&KZKJ=[[_`.!O^0'[%G@CQWXJ^-:V'[0&N?M-?$K

MG\`/@?\`%_P_\2_BM^R#X@\'^$_VC/#WAJR\07.G?#;Q5XY@\3RZ'X:N?&
V

M`((Z?L$^$/BGJ_QKTSP9^T!J/Q-\4?$#X%_%+QWXE\8?MU?MX?$#_A:/CO\`




/+;]FWQ!X/


MQ2_X4K\/[!^($?_``D?GZKX`_X1'4?[+\.7'A7Q%_PD=Y_PE7]F:/\`F!9_
M\%\O^8'[)WASPY\




O[1
M_B#X\Z?XI\*_M]7XP_\`!.']D1-!^(6D?MD6/[9_P?\`VW/!.N?!_P)OPD^
M%OQ*^&WCO]O/XO:=9Z=XH^)GPYO_`(A1^?B-^T]_P`%8_\`@H#\*?\`A'[O





ZEX?UGPIX4\
_$37M'U/P_K$VN


%PTZ
)/X
M%Q1C



MZ\+_``_\+'_A$7\+PZW%K&NQZCX@U7_-]U']K7_@IQX?^)?[._[5OQJ_X*!_
MM7_%?PA\7_!_B7XT?%)_#W[5O[07PU^#/P;\





]M/%*W04`%%


M0`^_Z*^`/^&'OB+X@_XE'Q8_X*-_M_\`Q;^']W_R'_A]_P`))^RS^SO_`
)!



M/$'B[Q/J6K@'S!^TS_P5Z_9'\!:=X.^+7[.'[8WP?_:JN?!OB#3O#/C_`/9(






7?%WQM\OQZ_PA'[7_P`0/#^O?\3#QY\)








M$#X?0^

MM9U/X0?$#Q?\
KG^V]3^+?QKT3QG^SCX)^%G[



M`/R!_;$_X+7_`+/'P\\5?LCZ7^RA^VG_`


-7

MX?T+2+.TTO1M&TNTM=.TO3K6VL;&V@MH(HEZ@#\8?@M\'?VE?VH_P!I_P#9
M4_;F_;1_X)P?!_\`9N^*WP)\/_%WPSXFN?^HOQO^-WQ,_9[T[QMX?\?^-


)/AEX0^'ZV7Q1U[4?`&GZM^S-X^U
MCX:_$6]\1^
;#7=;\/\`C?Q;X`U3[_HH`\`^!?P;^(OPD_X2G_A/OVL?V@/V







M_;'B[1M&T?\`:_\`''_#_$#XB_WQ!X@^%O_!.+_@HE\6_`G_=_3QWXB^


MCK^[N/%VO_7]CK0/CC\3?#OP_L+V73]&U7XBZ[X3T_P)I'B/7_OAK4_$5I

MV=_^$X_MO_AO^%Z?&3X=?3_A
/^$9_LC_A(_\`A%O^$_\`$?A__A(/^$?_



M_L7_`(N/_P`(5_PDW@/_`(2T_P-IOQ`_PC`/V2?[)_[.*_X*(?\+`^W_\`
MBK__`(5!_P`(I]B_ZKC_`
_B)\)-;\4_M%ZQ_PJSQ

MX?NK;2_#WP4_9#^*WP!\56?BI]1TJ6QUG4/&/CK]MW]I32-2\/V^D0ZY8W7A
MJW\Z3J-YJ.HZ5JD/BRQMM&N]'UWZ?HHH`****`ODO]L']B;X!?MR_#S2_A




MK1G.E5@_=J4YRA).
FG\NK^Q=^S'%H7[+OABU^%.G:=X?_8O\0:9XJ_9HT?2

M+O!
%]33M`TC3M.MOQENO^#?+_@DQX=^(7@?]GC0OV<_B
M!I'P



]UXM^)_B?X_3^-K/PI;Z?\`T/45!9_*%^S_`'OP=\2?
MM3R_`W_@L!_P00_9`^`'Q:^._P`0-:U;X=?MT^(_@)^PG'\?VEO&/Q+^(OQ
M6D\(Z#X_OO$7Q7^-/_(_M?_`!1_LGPG:V?[-'PV_:3_`&S_`([?$/QCKWC7

S]/_#'QU_P0O\`B'\9?$'[
_PS_:^,'['GQ6\*^(/AQX3
ML_V,[7]J3_@I1_P20T[2_%7QA@6_\^&O@I^QAJGQ
_9#\$GQ!\2+F[M_%FJ




M``P]\1?#_P#Q*/A/_P`%&_V__A)\/[3_`)`'P^_X23]EG]HC_A'_`#_]*U7_
M`(O%^VK^RA^U!^TUXP_M76IM2UO_`(N7\=/''_/_P!I?\(MX-_X1GX?Z)X5
M\'^'S_A1'_!03P1_Q*OA;_P4^'_`
0/#]Q_Q
+S6?VU?V*?#'Q@^*=MK$O^

MOP=_;0^!/[

M*7[)OC7]N;_A`_&.A^-[R[_:(_9T^'\7Q
^


M`Z.T/QE^'FHZIX3L?B)X$\*W/CCP9%KWZ/T`?`'_``V1^T5_TB=_;_\`_#C?
M\$LO_IEE'_#Q_P^G?\2_QA\%?V_P#P=XML/]#\4^$?^':7[?7Q*_X17Q':


M?^!-=A_96_;/_9`^/GQZ@_LS4O`GP6^%OCZ^_:J\=_$[^R-8T_5?%'@W0O@Y

$'A'6_%8_X)U?MY_%KX
MF)J(_9J^#^H^+_V5O%'A[X`?#GXK:'\-OVG_`($_M1^*?BY:?M#^(O'E]HWA

M`[SPO\4_&C^(-0\1_7Q_\`#?XFZ9X3\?\`AOY@^$/_``3]^`7P`^-_C/X\

_B%X5^#?QP^-7PE^(`!S
M_P#P\L_9U_Z)S^W_`/\`BIW_`(*F_P#T&]'_``VK\:-1_P)AX/_`.8/[?_

S


M0TRZ\VRO;F3Z_KP#XZ?M8_LL_LO_P#+?\`#2_[2WP`_9W_`.$X_MO_`(0K


-?BEI
MD7B;1]&_X1;Q_H/A73/'GQ-\'W?PVN@#[_HK\@==\._\%J_VH/`FH+;?$7]D


`\?\1?\




M!_;S_9^)FHZCJGQ6^,OBK]HRV_:1^+OP4T[X%_#;QK\8-^.WCGQ1\;/A/X





U'P


M/^US\'?@O_;'V[_D%?\`KO^&*M$_P"E'_2_V?]CU+_A-O^%E_\*7_`+'^




MTK0M


M\!_%C_@H[_P42^

O




M`&3OV_\`X[^+8?\`3-1\(_\`#'GQ3_9._L[PY'^XN_$?_Q?^B]E^Q=\$M:

U/XE^)

M_A8__!4W_HS?]@#_`
66?M%?_2G:^_Z*`/@#_AO^INL?\`$W_X:6_8`^'7


M`(47\%_^$[^P_P#4_\`I_AU_:O_'Z.?\`J/^FNK_P#$J\1?MN?L@:)X
M?U/_`(E^NZS\)_\`@GA\3__Q3TC1[W_`$;4]3^&GB;XI?\`!1#XX_#+P[\0



3R_P#!0?\`X*/_``3MO&/[

M-3\






'P_P#&7PM^(OAK^T]9
MT3_A(O`GQ`\.:EX3\7:%_;/AW4-(\0:1_:_A_5]0T_\`M/0M5TS6+#[1]JTS


M\/\`P_;_`/$OO-&_;5_;6\



ML?M?WFD:[X?UW2+R[TO6=&U2TNM.U33KJYL;ZVGMIY8F_1^@#X`_X0K_`(*F
MZQ_Q-_\`AI;]@#X=?VK_`
3+_A7W_##W[17QH_X03[=_I7_&_\`XO^'A/P
M$_X6Q_PC'F_V)_PLO_A1?P7_`.$[^P_\)3_PJ?X=?VK_`
(?HY_PQ=\7?&WR
M_'K_`(*$?M?_`!`\/Z]_Q
/'GPD^$\_P3_9/^%ESK$O_`!




M3ZEJ_P!_T44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!17XS_M*_\`




-BL;AZ%/DA)XV


MJ/P]^$FO:]IFI^$?&=C9ZM'KGPR\)7.D^*])\0Z19+KFDV5AXBU7V3Q'_P`G
M3?!O_L@'[2O_`*L7]D^MZE.5/V7-RM5L-A


MMUKXG_$/X@_94L_V%/\`@D?^SC^T9\*O@!X;^('_``3@^
'Q$_X6=X_\+:#_
M`
%7/&OQBT']DQ_:$UNU\6:M\/!5U^TOI?C[X@?L

M)W[0'CC]ICQC^S_\
+:+XSWGC+XP?`SQ_?\`@[^CZB@#\(?B=XV_X+V_LA_!

?#]?B)JGB#PG\1/'NF?#_667X;Z1J-KJ
%

M9;:Q=?Z%KOB[7_V0]0T7Q?\`L




M#^`7Q@^#/P(_94_:/_:%UKX4^%_C!XR\4_'2R^(WA;Q?\
[#P-\6O$GBK0-4
M^&N@_$;P1;?&/Q=XJMOQ`\3M\*?CK_P50_8#^+/PF_8[_PK_[)OP;_`&;_







M_M_X!
%-/TC3])L;#O_`!9XL^`7[+7PS\2^.O'7B7X/_LY_!S0_$&L^+/&/C'Q9
MK/@OX0_#/2/%7Q8^(5SK'B'Q+XE\0ZQ<^'OVG^(/B7\5O'-WJFLZSJEW%J/


;@_






M`EC\-M2/PD\)^$?#/PETW0_`NE??]?`'_N_^COQ7^;Q_\`M%?`#]DWPEK_




M[)NB_9?&/A7P]\7K_P#M'XVV]Y\2K\`]`^*7[?G[&WP?\=Z[\(?%G[0GP_U?


M#4_^$:^&&K_V)\-H]0^)&L_8/`ND:KXALO/_`/AL'X[?$G]Q^S1^P5^T!XJT
MS6O^1*^

M?[6_X)Z:C_PF/C&W\/:G8?8_@EXJL_C=:_7_`

MP_\`@_\`#+PO_:?_``C7PZ^%O@WP[\/_``)X=_MO6-0\1:S_`&%X1\)Z;I'A

M`&N_%7Q4^(7C3QI\!_'O@[]HGQ?\38OVB?@+\8_$'[3_`





M+1HT\/#V5*+C#GJU%%RG.TJU6=:=G.4FH\]27)334*4.6G2CG$(^_T445F
M:A1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5\P?&O]B+]B_]I3Q5I_CK]HO]D/\`9@^/WC;2





%GOAEX)M_VG_V-?%EC'\=_'_\`P0=\?_#/
MX
_#/X





M+Q=X3\%:1X@TC^U_#^KZKH6I_P!GZA;_`&_1]3U#3+KS;*]N8)/K^B@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B



+37-3C*-UUC).


MT_:T:U/]U*K0KT\3A
1B

M(+SQKX4U'PU9?\)1X9T;^W8/*^(_#_]J^%]6T;6M1^X?$?PK^/NJ_%/3/B7
MI'Q?^$&F?\(UX?\`B)X.\+:+J7P!\::Q]F\+?$+Q%X!U^XBU_4K7]I#0_PV

M^//P8^'_`
7/BK)%#\+_`(6^-_BCX'\*?$;XD2S7QTR&+P%X(U[7+#Q-XPDE
MU('3XD\/:9J+27P-H@

MM*RJTZ%6NW:
VJG_``CG[4W_`$63X`?^(U?$7_Z+C_A'/VIO^BR?`#_`,1J
M^(O_`-%A6P_[1_[/$?QIA_9ND^//P8C_`&B;C1SXB@^`C_%'P.GQIG\/KITN
ML'78?A:VN#QS)HXTF;5#J::$UD-.AEO3/\`9HWE'L]8IWC&:UA/GY9+6
O9





E)733)C*


HW76

M19/@!_XC5\1?_HL*]_HH`\`_X1S]J;_HLGP`_P#$:OB+_P#184?\(Y^U-_T6
M3X`?^(U?$7_Z+O?Z*`/`/\`A'/VIO\`HLGP`_\`$:OB+_\`184?\(Y^U-_T
M63X`?^(U?$7_`.BPKW^B@#P#_A'/VIO^BR?`#_Q&KXB__184?\(Y^U-_T63X
M`?\`B-7Q%_\`HL*]_KCOB#\1?A]\)?!GB'XC_%7QUX.^&?P\\)6)U3Q7X\^(
M/B?1/!G@SPSI@FBMSJ/B'Q1XCOM-T/1;$7$\$!N]2OK:W\Z:*+S-\B*9G.-.
M$JE2480A&4YSFU&$(13E*4I2:48Q2;E)M))-MV*C&4Y1A

MVC&
5=N3;222NWHCS'_A'/VIO^BR?`#_`
1J^(O_`-%A7'_#WX3_`+2/PU\`


M%[E*;C#_`




HR3C*
HNTHRB[-233335T]&*
H


M4?\`.?M3?\`19/@!_XC5\1?_HL*]_HJ1G@'_.?M3?]%D^`'_B-7Q%_^BPH
`?\`.?M3?\`19/@!_XC5\1?_HL*

?&+]H_]GC]GB+PM/\?_`(\_!CX&






M_184?\(Y^U-_T63X`?\`B-7Q%_\`HL*]_HH`\`_X1S]J;_HLGP`_\1J^(O\`
M]%A1_P`(Y^U-_P!%D^`'_B-7Q%_^BPKW^B@#P#_A'/VIO^BR?`#_`
1J^(O_


/[-TGQY^#$?[1-

MI&/M*D*-/F;T7M*U2G2A=^]4J0A&\IQ3\WLOA/\`M(V'C[Q+\18?C7\$&UOQ



M`


MQ&KXB_\`T6%'_.?M3?]%D^`'_B-7Q%_^BPKW^B@#P#_`(1S]J;_`*+)\`/_
M`!&KXB__`$6%'_.?M3?]%D^`'_B-7Q%_P#HL*]_KY\\#_M;?LJ?$W1/B9XF
M^&W[37[/GQ!\-_!:6X@^



M?AKX('AK7?$.G^*=;N_&'Q

^)7B[XDZA;Z9X?O/$


M;
`2+Y^;D]_DA[6?+[W)3]O4POM)6ORP^M4JN&YW:/MZ52C?VD)10WR\O-[O



HKGCAH1H4Z*E*#;XJI8JK1;I3Q6$



MB







UQV/_$__@CS




MH`****`BBB@`KX@_P"BGQ&TCX2_LF?$7XC7_[)WB?]MO7/-WX3UOX=?LZ



OYSOV+_`-DW4OB-X=^%7PV\1:_^TCI^CWWPV_;D^/OQ

_!?XS?%;XG6OP;^*/A[]I[X2?LV?$[2?A=8Z
M#XK^+_Q
\&63^*_#

*]*K






U]-);3[KV']J7]BW6]=_:U_X(@_M2Z/X
M)^.OC#Q[\+/B?X'^&OCZTAE^(&N?#;X`?JW_9?^-=WXM\0ZKXT^!O?PXO
MO&OQ#G\`:!X[\?\`BNRBU*_O_GP^\*0:KI@BDT[5OZ'**ZZ=6=/&4\=S3J8



%2@W)O#Y%+`T:N7PK2JSJ8B^+Q-
M2IC)5
1
HHHK(WBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K^=+X]:YHWCW_@I[I.D0_LG?

M13A[&O0J4U5IXA1IU83E-4ZF&ES4\;AIJFX3Y
PP53$97BITZM.H\MQV/P].
M4)XF-:E_

M0/A]X2M-4TN.%M

M

33PJUBZ-.AEV

MJ5:%&%:O.KB(8'(
!B
5*

ZM3
J

/%$WC?7_%7P;\?!#7?B+\5/E]\4KS7=
^%/BG6?

+^Y

PRC*7B*=3#X:KA\1_./X
_9#T/\`9J_X*._\%7_B
MEK'[



M7A0K8S%5^:4\35Q4X55+V=.:****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

MOB%\5?#_`/P2M_;BC^+O@[P)X=_9Q_:&^-T

M3_LZ_&_]EZ*\_:0_X*O_`+3/@GXV?&#Q=\(?B3X)_:=_X))_&7P/!H'A6T_9
MJ_:!^-&D^
_@O!\!_P#@E5^R[\1/&?Q@LOB)\'?`OAZ?PI8ZQ\4M.A^#7B7X




1^\C3A*HH0GK&E*5*=;FIPITYQA4G5G&C2I

M-`^'_A/QMJFAV-MXA

M`^$7B2RBU:P^$'@[Q%XTUSQ/%IOACPU9^(+#2?ASING:OXGN/&-QX*_8_P#9


MSU
#2G:C/

9#+\-[72
\:\OPF:5



M\5_\%?\`4?`6M_$O79O@''XN_9=_9?\`BE^S;^SM^U-^T;/\5HO#/C_PW\9?
MC_I/@&1[_P'?[/Z_#_TOQS\-?AUJ?Q8^%T/Q)\8:]\7OA??PKXC\03?#SP
VGC


M]I_\*5_X*)_L7?L#?V]_PMK[%_PDO_#7WA_PAKO_``M?^R_^%97?]C?\*\_X


M/A=\-_A7\/[KXM?M!?M-^#YM4FAE]Z\*_P#!8J/Q-8_M)?M`^'?`/Q$UKX??



MOX



IA:.(E1E6J5LGR_&Y@J2M
M.GAL-5K8A4:=.<H]%/U)XNG@VX4ZE3
ZF42J2;E0HXZCFV`R+$4ZU6C&K&






M]H)U)9?3HIUJF8XS.

I8F6'E+#*M3G2E/]T:*_`_1_^V^
MM6OPQT_XO_$G]DZ+P)X*^./[&/[3W[;G[%7V'X]6_BO7OC/\//V9/;?$'5O



MMU_GY^$7_!7W]ICPK^QO_P`$U-8U7X)^'OVL/V@_VK/V#_C=^U7\0O&OBKXN
MZ'^S=H

^$M+TVQ\36N

JE6C7P[K4


M8S_8_M/CKXOUO]A[X'?MU_%7P?X]_:

M[37Q/_X3W4_#3?M#_P#!+_\`X*KGP)X#\?#;P)J_B#6?BEXI^&/A/\`9E\'
M?%KXE?#^Z^+5_P#`K]G#Q7J'PLUZUCX0ZQ^TSX+^




M+/\`@F3_`








M'[

M^*_Q?O[Z\U/QIX?L?@UX'T[PKJ%]X(K%2G@YSIXBC6A5IY/F^;U*7*G44\AG


I2LH4
KQV#E@*U#%8F5%MYSD]=..(QT*,?Z*:*_EZ_
M8]_;$_;:\/?!W_@CK^U/\8OVLO'/[1?AO_@HA\4Q^S_\=O@[\1/A;^S1X;T#
MP1KOQ`\'_$SQ-\/OB/\``[4O@)\_@_\0=%N/.O_N+2?%6G?$/Q)\4_#-_



MI/&U,IS&AFFC4J&,PU/%4J5=X[UL''*M4C1P\
3*\H58Y-5H1IKFK5\-




Y\(.W$-*DH



M/B'X5_9INOV0/=_P#MA7?[:O@W]B_QU\
K?]IV^M_@WX8U3XK?`?Q%^T!\
RAGCL0W.=.[P.`HYIB:F8N$9RG3P%7#9-F-;#XB
MM&DJL\-4P?+'

%HOB7\0_$OP2M?B;^QQX=^%_@SXS_&


\2:WPOPV_X+]+;?![X0?M!_M5?LDWO
(?#]Y#J/C9OAK/%J-CI^?M(.G4JQESTJ6$H
MXZ52FG4@\-B,HS//L/.$H*2JSQ.39/C\RPU&DYU\1A84*E&G-8[`_6:C<L1




?M=?%[P7X0F\)_$[2_B;^S1-\4_@CXW\+'4-=
*X/!_Q)TUT_1OB+X$U.]TM?$/@#Q[I^F:/'X







MU2QU7MO'O_!-;P#XL^-?Q6^
7@[]HC]J_P`MA^T#XE^%WC/]HGX3?`3XB^


OI.A4I12IU






M^#/[':?


?[/]GI%I\
_BCX_L-1^'&H


1/$;U:E:GF-3-Z

MRA&5'ZO**=%4Z]*%*UH4H8K!8;+L3[%*WL)XC`X6EA:]2CR5*U&6(A4E)8S%


*]1E\:;INHZ3X@
MTN[ALY-?\3^)X8YX+C],**PIPA3H?580C]7=.M1=&45.#HUUD<:E2GS<U!4




M-6G7I3C:/)5HXO*

M/P^O]$M='\)Z%J-MX@UC3?%FHS^,KJ_U74M.U^ALI=$TKP]!'/;7/E6E?\
M$V/!7A+Q_KNN?#+]I7]KCX.?![Q7\=;W]I#Q;^RS\(_B-X$\!_!;Q#\6-;U*
M'Q%XOU%O%FC_``KC_:


H
MYLMA6I.%98*K7PW/[+$5XU/S1\??\$KOV?/B+\2?B9\4=;\8_&6U\0?%7]K[



MZ
8_#3E3PF18*C.



MU.ZU7P-\/O#7[1M[X;UWQ)KNL?$B/X7:K^T#J/PCTOXC7D?B+2_`5HFFZ/8:

_CQ\4O%'PGE^
W
MA;]GCPUHVL:5X8^'?@2Z\#?!GP/\-[)-%O?$7B#Q1/XK\3_#;Q9XY\7^*M7F
MU;X@^)_%XLM(M]._5JBLO8TOJT\'R1^K5


M/?[37P_\3:_^U[XC_;D^&/B#PKJ7P#N-4_9R_:%^(%IKVD_%O7?A!/XO_9]\














M`



7[64JGUC&Y3F&99OE^

55HYQF^8YK6E6G-X_&XS%3S+ZY2Q6*I5XJ0A5I5Z
H04*V!S;+H\D
M5!8;9YEV7Y1F5+0BE2PRKY7E67X&FJ5.




L1.GT7-C




M7PW%\:/C!\;[GXF?&#Q=\:];\0_%Z#X-Z//I'BKQWIWAV+Q?I_@SP=\`/@_\







%?$<7B/1M7@U4WC:W<Z[9W'V)*2?

M:%*K;VN&QBCB

M7Q4T7XCZ/XDU2_\`&\

?AN^EUN2*\\-:AX9@C%H?UYHK6-:I&O/$QDUB:F(
MPF+K8A)*O7Q6!JUZV'Q&(K6]IB*RGB*D:M2O*I+$T52P^)=6A0H4Z;J15:DZ


J$_:14Z=6EG
M$XU
WAB*



M`
$C_@!!XV^&?Q9\5?$_X^_$;XV^`OVMM-_;0\3_`!G\8:[\++?QI\:/B[H'
MPNUCX

MM8OO$E_KWZH45K3FZ


:&+IU9MN=2G4I



MCA^U#\;OBE\6O@UX0_9WU3X^?$CXH:-X/^.'A+X'_#^PU2W\$^`/AWXX_9R\




QN85ZLHQM!U*
MF.S+
L6YN/
J^8YA5BU+&XEU2BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB



M&_`EQ\:/V/8_!_B[1OA)^R+XBN?@+X)_;_\`&W@6V^-NC?`+XB_%+PGHFL?%
M'X=?#_XC^&O$WB+Q1X
^#^DZ;X0_;_XB?\-3_P#]OV=/^%3_P#@/\`AF7_
M`(N[_P`-:_\`Q/^%B_\+V_Y$ZR_X4-_PSI_PC7_`!;_`/Y*!_:7_W?^%E_



$K?V0/AG=:IX(^$KWOB#X$?'_X7_#OQ)\8

-_AO^WQ\-_&'CWX6_MW?!?XB:UXJ\3^&/%O@SXF_![QMKW@C1?A]K'AS6
MIOA;XIGLM:T;Q'LG<<+5IRYJ&


54Q4\RAC




WPZ\5_'KQ7_`
$Z
MK?\`:)TKQ#\2?VP/AS9^

WX=J


L74CA

M1?/]:_LC)\HS;VE&WO/`XE9_E5&GCHPJ4_8UY9C2IU\O^K8C%?VF45^
W_!$




M(\NRZMA%C+13^IPS?.

TS?+G








W]M_!C3
M/V\_#NK@']7M%?B#^Q5\1_V^O^%6:_\`\(+^QO\`L@?\+'_X6!JO_#4W_\?
M^EGQH_X:8_X:8_X1SPK_P`)I_PTE_PB7_!)W_A$O^%@?\(E_P`(%_P@_P#P
MK;_C'O\`X9[_`.%*?\
@_P#&''_#/U?7_P#PL?\`X*F_]&;_`+`'_BRS]HK_
M`.E.T`??]%?EM^VOK?Q]UW_@E7_P46N_VB_AI\'_`(5^-H_V1OVL+;2_#WP4



M-M8C)^

7&IB


MZHK^



MMHZ%H?PGTCQ9\?M`\;CX(_$']IKX4W^FP^#M=U;P99^(/A#%_P`*UT_0?A_H
MD7A[1=%\

M\*?%G[77CG2/VFO$GB:/]@W]LK]B7]C/PY^ROXM^'?[/
VJ?M9^'/CA%\(-.
M\6_%CXL:YX:^#_@OX@V'Q=^*\OQA\0:W\(C\#[_X(?!WP]+\*((9O`GCK37\
M5174W[+W_!1G]KSQY^T5^Q7\
/B#\9X;ZU^+W_!47_@K=^S]XZ\*W7@3X5:-




FC_

M)P
M:N&EBDYQUI58X3.LZX?K3IRTE99ED&94XPJPI5?94Z59TXTZ])R****!
MA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

M/C5;VWA^#PE;P?%JVN]&FA^(\-OX5MK;PS#%XQ364B\/V\&C1JNG11VR^LT5
M

M&I%Q;3C4C=1G%K6





_$O5?#UUXTT&WTV75M5EL(-*U




M#CP1J7PS^'G[(W[
7@/X;ZSXQ\-_$36/A_X






/[/'


PVD\L3_`$/15RE*3FY-R=2M0Q%1R;;G7PR2PU:=_BK8



4E&
4K))+1)+1):

M&O$_AS7;&?3-;\/^(=U:WN]+UK1-8TVZN=/U72M2M;FPUQN)[2[@F@EDC8
MTOPOX9T3PSIW@K1?#FA:1X-TC0K3PMI/A+2](T_3_#.E^&=/T^/2;#P[IV@V



BS



M6/-[UL-B;_6
.KWM0Q'-+VU)?NZMW[2
KL\7U[]F_P#9X\4_&#PM^T+XG^`O


)TJ

M`&4_^:?[)?[(7B7QC\0OAY\.=$\4_&#QE\4/C7\3YOCK\1O'PTUOXW:`/C

*=.*26\GS3DY3E*3'[U7

44444`%%%%`!1110`
:4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!_]D_
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013






 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

833
945
        

162
970

458
807
        

951
092
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

569
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 Operating Partnerships
        
        
        
        
        

446
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Certificates of Deposit
 at Carrying Value
        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash
 Uninsured Amount

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Financing Receivable
 Gross

222
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Losses

782
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Entity-Wide Revenue
 Major Customer
 Amount (in Dollars)

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

633
        

449

659
        
        
        
        
        

433

563
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

377
        

962

195
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period (in Shares)
        
        

540

300
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

540
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Share-based Compensation
 Gross

200
        

886
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

721
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

979

979
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Share-based Compensation
 Gross (in Shares)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

936
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in Shares)

661

437
        

004
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

731

282

817

088

147

969




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bearer) to receive interest at an established maturity date
 based upon a fixed interest rate.  A certificate of deposit may be issued in any denomination. Certificates of deposit are generally issued by commercial banks and
 therefore
 insured by the FDIC (up to the prescribed limit).  Certificates of deposit generally restrict holders from withdrawing funds on demand without the incurrence of penalties.  Generally
 only certificates of deposit with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. As a related example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among a myriad of other features and characteristics. Excludes amounts related to receivables held-for-sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which increases net cash provided by operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award
 Gross

240
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number

945

088

890

762



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

128
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

000
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

340
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

964
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Shares Issued in Period

936
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Shares Issued in Period

000
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number

936
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

200
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number

009
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      















          

        
        
        


        

866

087

962



          

        
        
        


        

399

692

377



          

        
        
        


        

265

479

739


        

000)

300)

600)



          

        
        
        


        

081

826

844




        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Note 17 - Acquisition Of U-swirl
 Inc. (Detail) - Purchase Price Allocation (USD $)







        

763
110


        

585)


        

612)


        

913


        

000


        

913




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the fair value of debt and securities issued and liabilities incurred to acquire the entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

088

890

762


        
        

936
        


        

191)

113)

468)


        

952)

625)

404)


        

945

088

890


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          








          

        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000



          

        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000



          

        


        

000


        

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
        
        


              &#160;







            



              



            


            



              



            


            



              



            


            








            


            



              



            


            



              



            










            


            



047



            


            


            



451



            


            


            



395



            


            


            






            


            


            


            


            


            


            



400



            


        







            


            


            


            


            


            



085



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



085



            










            


            



047



            


            


            



366



            


            


            



395



            


            


            






            


            


            


            


            


            


            



315



            


        







            


            



494



            


            


            



853



            


            


            



251



            


            


            






            


            


            



192



            


            


            



583



            










            


            



302



            


            


            



510



            


            


            



305



            


            


            



446



            


            


            



269



            


            


            



833



            


        







            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            










            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


        

            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            










            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


        







            


            



751



            


            


            



723



            


            


            



438



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



913



            










            


            


            


            


            


            



286



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



286



            


        







            


            



751



            


            


            



436



            


            


            



438



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



626



            










            


            



572



            


            


            



704



            


            


            






            


            


            


            


            


            


            



076



            


            


            



911



            


        







            


            



434



            


            


            



238



            


            


            



212



            


            


            


            


            


            


            



277



            


            


            



162



            










            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            



795



            


            


            


            


            


            


            






            


            


            



260



            


        







            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            


            


            


            


            






            


            


            






            




            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


        







            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            










            


            



783



            


            


            



837



            


            


            



716



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



337



            


        

            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            










            


            


            


            


            


            



209



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



209



            


        







            


            



783



            


            


            



627



            


            


            



716



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            



127



            










            


            



859



            


            


            



227



            


            


            






            


            


            


            


            


            


            



776



            


            


            



009



            


        







            


            



486



            


            


            



731



            


            


            



038



            


            


            


            


            


            


            



202



            


            


            



458



            










            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            



166



            


            


            


            


            


            


            






            


            


            



620



            


        







            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            


            


            


            


            






            


            


            






            


      




        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

284
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

661
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

151

319

291


        

000

000

000


        

563

168

972


        

588

151

319




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


    
        

            


            








            


            








            


            



              &#160;


              



            


            








            






              Ended February 28
 



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


        







            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            




            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


        



              Ended February 29
 



            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            










            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


        

            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            






              Ended February 28




            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


            


        







            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


            


            






            


      




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

090
996

128
049

650
552


        

026

822

039


        

378
022

301
871

867
591


        

107
287)

900

424


        

275)

975

203


        

144
562)

875

627


        

233
460

035
746

098
218




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

531
559

484
796


        

590
966

634
277


U-Swirl
 Inc. food and packaging

511
        


        

221
036

119
073




        
          

        
          
            

 Packaging
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        








            


            






            


        







            


            






            










            


            






            


        







            


            






            





              



            


            






            


        

            


            


            


            


            





              



            


            






            


      




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        

030

136


        

726

315


        

406

814


        

650

738


        

625

946


Amortization
 design costs

868

213


        

963
        


U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net loss

383
        


Valuation allowance
 U-Swirl
 Inc. accumulated net loss

383)
        


        

268

162


        
        
        


        

079
004)

051
240)


        

325)

605)


        

161
329)

150
845)


        

633

274


        

694)

884
957)


        

061)

397
683)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






 2013






 2012






Accounts Receivable
 Related Parties

000
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party

850
        
        


        
        

597

048


        
        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contribution Per Employee
 Percent
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount

000

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by the terms of the plan
 that the employer may contribute to a defined contribution plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

495
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


    


    
        

            


            



              



            


            



              



            










            


            



531



            


            


            



484



            


        







            


            



590



            


            


            



634



            










            


            






            


            


            


            


            


        







            


            



221



            


            


            



119



            


      




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

315
201

626
892

127
971


        

188
923

566
393
        


        

478
212

876
032

910
841


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

062
329

659
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

782

553
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

484)

968
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

585

319
852
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

478
212

876
032
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

658
193

637
924
        


        

068
390

577
214
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

729
837

575
788
        


        

560
569

426
005
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

635
804

279
910
        


        

558
493

434
058
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

291
367

133
270
        


        

001
471

129
116
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001437749-13-006817-xbrl.zip

#$S




M%$F6S1P[\7P&HTI^%F\J&/*B4)6!L0F/M
7R!YD6K7Y0I55K]FEQ_5`6'P:6
M95TLWJZ:1E7M




:Y2:!6

M(-\:!NZR+6XHG\LFZ29]MNIWW4LJFXM
.

M+X1E[2TL.2\L::U9H.ODG80%FA)LY1OP^AQW&7C2]U17#GY;.&3*LITQTV
S+'6X'



'3)




M^PQC#RU
(!Q?A]-I&'!NR2



M

A

9Q!G'(





MMZTPW;:`MP?.F5X





MH:O'RY


MNUT*(!'-[;C^5Z\0K5\J&H_U'@;WVUE\!TXXO40UD/7D[:K$7V6JUCMM2(
MWS.[=;J8E.X

1OQ?)2\_ALZ
M\4OXB(;OF#F2D]Z$*.

G7U%#OO





P`QD0A5.




MXV@D&=GXX0'^\.?VLF@R#I%-A
8?UH0M:I!?Y+1&
K]3$2+&H!!R1PX
;(Q(
MKN--


[.JL

M1]`EQZ#BMXO%=VEZL1[&_!:X$.4J+\1$H\_SKQ\0.5X$GS#\D)Z0RTN$KSP6


VF07ET[W.&ZZR[[`#%[T]30]Q_C-YS79`+JG36O:C*5

AGV:N



I7X;+WOO6CE&??L\[Q?8

O9F3U'RZND@\32*


]SICUDMG^`D-.*8&
M'
'Y')YJ<1NX<+PSKAN8YRSX:I2IEA/&M[
MUJJS+Q\K@]IG2)F


MTU/\E*P0U8=+)BN6_M6]7+)U2U/.%=`2-G^U5_M@X6/L
H1DD6&YY0.(81

M7AZW3FAW
(



M?X9..`F\OZ#[@NP@PB






PD6)+BP:






'[3$

M;:!B*9IBY%Q[G7[+^?^^U-;%T-`D4Y=.36U=Q'5#4F2P+[6_V%YP%T;18_#%


NH!*:E=3+`T2='E

MD06@7I!@O#/@PR#Z#
CW7'C:;.(=3Y!9[KEU^MX!DJJ!6SP\P7AO9,(Z1]YK$]JL/7\*'
M,#=HW!1[VHS:SD'L@GRCG9G*JXV<-&*VJ@&5E^906%9:6L3T%A[VB*@L1)M


MH=AJ[ZJ`5/1+(L3MNHKGXRS!WV;`;7$UN.8]:'VO)H,+F_@&='0@[+QPZ.






`%9Q
Y;U*



JNL3L2U@Z(44K!81;5J/IND*R
-1;3'[$+`E^==4


KLVM)N<)G!
M;4-[


M;^D]FUT5%H+`I!401[N4277.HHE693BP#[BV


+BLZN]HF3Y
WU



M@B

0
43&#`L:;F)N#C&X^+MEZ^)2%LKDJSI]*S/]\?(
M&.#!&5:5DI:_$

M@PX:;]D408#FUAFQ@P;:+H&VC%1-7E]5LA\NPN9PM#NR)O_?.;).HJ2IF+9A

D);H

%_!@X'B#EZO(G3LQ'L\$


M045QC9_H-]W4[:A

EK0MU\15'KA?CZ35.
MQK





M=\YH7PBBA@@0-
UBM\8V06BSUU1X[Q5WE^G.9!NLI8GN'H2WFT$[POPJQJ/`


MK[J!%5Y.3ZM_)H6_(
O:LP3V_CNB=T'T$ISNO_'ZM7#:M/ADDGI^[`5I';+:


M
\UX'9$+]R06%]7`=L?([
M1R^&ASA'3#J9F-?+.X/KZ?$N/=D)G/`5&CWMVX

'X
M8_C4S5A7!.K3*2VU*00#-%N.S

M\;8@./7=.F1#?.[$WIN++4R






M:54+O


E




MTW:'&(4NQM.8$!N&OH]=

MH

MVUS





7=





2Q&WG+
MK`Y;ME.-EG


M68




M(R2B@*^(P8%
2:DT-$L'F8X/4.`#.C\!`$C=&(R234O%MNAY=.BB&Y#1
_I$

M%P;Q$@?HCNS'YW%\OP[U53.-[_=AP^K*#E!5U?#H_!%.BDC]J::IW':.'\

M5=EYI
A.UA5HXOADQC:FR$E6'SMN6@%T[CQB-


M
#HA_3=+=Q1A2!`!\&H&Q
`11D0ARMH=D7*'/@JI3PPCH@!$
;_`X`
TF]Z-
M%)^@H1

T
7B\B+9XAPPV(@O!(*'`0@QD@



H[MGT0?F*3[J4#LOX'5D9!4Y)DZWQV

MG4`/$MGXM#?CU9*

YBLW:+%V&VG\*7B)<*W8
M2
O`%U42TWJ#I`702A*L'B)


M$M'15*6]P$




3\@81
-\3GB4J3&W02)4H/

AUP#$_RPM6=`A'DI4
4G[T
7
%=+X@G7&+-VFC5V`R
M;ZPR5GFWFYVFT%W(

GM0
L

%

MF5;*?Z[#!-W#L'A



MDF$T[

Z6ZDNY'NYDTN
MB
D9@(YF`
P]9@`N\[W=8XA'_ZOM\RK*H@T7)BL^Z6J0$Y



*0[D:Z

V14LX#R
3\


_]#5RH5_.8CK!O\2Q_R'7OR7+L6CG^`/?T4N

7!C2UTA?(WW-
MB\P'R'^2P_Q[\+$\1M




M&%

M*


M#X-

C5L9
3U=
MD
4YY)*_0G/^#PV1RILN\Q$6XW#1\9+98BAROCSWEMY)7]V1DQ

M=GP:A@SO+6-)&34X+U

MNIB;OCN'1IW%!2

6ZW?.%
N0!]



]07



6W.NK





M8I'F]'%FIX9?
*\X?E


A=+
M+I_

LMK9DM/A1GQ6@--LP6GA\7(T
M2BT-![=3GF:F#[TT#5%0LJ+*1HGW=_:#B!N1R726Y!J45C*3R.'!_0F?1J8K




Z2?9PYX:G*+*<W_Y4S#



SXT!C3
M^UXI1




\NK<K


Y(_E%+&Y&U*O/5V_^Y_7/VM=_

D2S+_P?/;G`B?+39^
ME:::[K8HN/AQY2A)ZFX20TVK^GCI'IJ\\2S'V.Y@(0:C?#Q-N

MX6=DZMJ(C`DOKHLYA.
QQ87E=\Q'*SQ5EOL[1@&GSPJ_%&5%0KCP@3'MECD^
M^90NKYM=$XEC+UF$R?-!/A2SE^7]:&D%@6_RRSQM4:;
CU#(3@`5LQA1H9(H

N+[C36*Q-2/R6
HS-IEO\USL/^6E&#[Y?
?G
MHE0ZS_**\)UF-YM

MUXH-PGP7M


MY-);2VG

BW+.6E\[


G_X


OE'


M.?OH-B(KO&Y9HC6.!V

/F8;B/3B#N!XNRK'6A
MQ\M[HC,ASP:GS9GFS?]J0Y%_Z$VYPF?9^[3Y()LFBP#OCT`TS!#M[^1'0<[)
MG?5<1R\V//3FY[.%USMQ_EKDADO9U](._'EZ-LVTB^1OMH._LH]XT4JO,J=

/=IYPU.ROMN2V%Q:=MK'4!B







*ECXTD




J&864

E#ZVIKG36\7





ME898MGQ%`-[?)


M*YLPZQA

3D@;PNAG





C[(:AZMK4^O8$L\EUVG@Y;V26-4N9







\=I9P8T2JO1$[`^`T$W#LBFFGF_'*Z16(B'X-FS%DAIIR]











M

MK^LFMO^#M(Z;I/(

_2UAA+A
YUH74[1K
M>FA4NU>-



X=I[O(
M!&0)VWP?%.G0JO
JE.:*

M[E@P8^D-SV++49`0JI)`B&2_V/1'7CRK#38E!'.]*4\MA;/(9?'/PA\6M9ZY
M6!:#Q5@*



MLIK[_-JG](XF



`&R68`;@!W`!NCK(@A@S`CC(`O4=D`[RO<)-P)'
M__,M\Z9)+`TGO`.*NR0U@,2`(A8IK/-IK
#TPE/70EF`&Z.`&XLRUYES($V



M4?%7W2#`4K;94B(/`



MQ+\*$\=?H1J(J&%VU&-

%J?_LW/^NO;APYM3


XDL0:^P[[X;`!+GS'U2S.%Y`*S
12L`7I$P:K7-E4?_0


62Z7I]IK=N


'_3`6

Y07L_O6G67QRXSC3GU_/8H*_


9U%[(60(!I3?.+:?Y[3

+


M_BS*\Q])CXR_KH*.29)*0GI@JCT597E^U`0S3T005I!2K&@H?ZL[GVSHGY

_:A*9U2[8DHH.;`JY
M4M=


!3,R#F)JHBZEQOU!,3Q=D<0ZY%&'0G/]#0Z3RILN\^L4X7'2\9+88BL(E
MS[VE=])7W'F(1?A#3.+#7#L^#4.N\BUC21DU.]3


M/);*3DKD

M43



+QI7G/E.?4;@[




E+I
[&/W%YO0M*8I+A8PXSX7X].*!11

`Q**I\Y#%\D3/-45
]:`M*QE%8IT(
_.<X&Y*

1!_M*

+.S0&G:<Z\J%%P4YYP4
M__HLIWU'M3.=YX.-S);!S)<RSC-%IP6


X'9&\%V6YX$YAYF$#A:X\2YLX
EQ%4MWZI1.C\U3K@_+]D+1(^Q:1IS


M(B

\RS








M^)8?


QER5B6EAOF
MSG'



.K1

MXMF4I^H(%'
*T/-R:6WEI+[%=Y4F%&MOM+@#5EVB'3%^R:WY6VS;CFVR


M2?RN+^F+BA!:E65LJT,:5,4_J]Y.4SB=PE?RXDGB+/ILYWEJ?%A3!/X&0I



M6105@R%9)
2C@

M(]^TS(







MQ)1TL3Y:U&O*%4$2J?)YB6#M/HCA+9:;3*P8M%R_[*G`J%#CT[!A*[?LA;
M7:;=$P0C1

3-Q
M`83(O)QJYZ+Y@&2D=







7Q.()H/2ZD?P<




M


M*=KGX!=A).=]&H]\$UGE=Z)L](0RY:O


TO6?!2'OPF#^2

TB@ZNLZ\M[)YR
(U9M



MDGWF![JO;IV

M($1/3G%Y]N77/^K7#+S_=/'BK-/M&*LXM/O9+3KKSM_
:7TOVDZDW3?2'_Z3
M'X.64R4N65C6XW87/#*(0V;?
@LLVH[0]1K/[I[3_\J.9Y^GI[/%EV^=A%TX

O?GUK]48[
)=W]8I+UM#)Q+W



MG(`W2LU+UQ0Y=Z*?K.GVEO/%Y1((W8V&?\VE?1D#M


M/



WIV^*I*A^?EEV$M*!!+U[A4Y_1HH'U@SEC[%M[,HJ2X$'7&OC2'EFX,!K0R
M@ZYN=OKYY6V/NP-*^M2O^AK


$$HLI_`QU%F-J[\.=8
N(==^



M0H0*#M-RGKLN-T:\

7''
M/0%=1(!&@:X3Q_RRV/_
B+.)P(+**&




M6%DU\C7Y_)S\`C4:5UP]*(;F*9Y;HH
+/;\`2)0@^%ND%RNG-W4*_HJC^MZD




M_FUW26H`B0%%+`1


MCYIT7.-!?

P`UAP#ULAV]0-K4.A'3F!]V?CCY.N]%_EZ77OX

E:]O
?#QGH;VWUVJB7
'O'

M)OPMP'D8P#8;0.R\1YE
#68`;HX`;DS9%B!@#;!&294U@!K@#4HR2/ZKT7_
MYB.B_TI7/GG4C][[BF@UC.8Q&4WD`^CJ\$
P
T1P$UW`!\=6//DS`#6`&N`








MYW$\FZ2?E:.`



M#M2!4]8-R9WCMR[*I6RLK%R1-:KVX?:PKZ/P2_2
Y[34MNF?:-.5&LO:NW



M




M%DAEQK3$I'#.S3T80^6$[OT[
U^;^R@UR+LY3+3CA6

I[/PB2ZRLIXSC9$JK%\S8
9DQ'=[:FD






^CT

)JXX\4#7_+D

K_7T0VCBUTA<&N?G!6`G..`'




`X
`7X`OP!?CRY#Q3
M
#^J/





LVG)V[[?
%C5ES`#GMAISN@#SF'IH8
M*.DQPPD^I!-\,8L+YE%;(D3//:^\U_$V`2A
O;*+79*)FZ875TJV?*
$/


M#:


MX$8]]U?AG+'R#-X2Q(X


MI4AG`+X!WTAG*


--?.6
MO#M4






M]Q^()_YBH
+2%EZ?!JT#R^S_$FM.'+
DIK@[N16_8=]=-N5XQX6!/JA&_[(Q


_C)LV+^?NF$:VOYB]V@\\'ZQK$[)A^-0T]3D`8\=]W3XT?

&!
M




3+9/@GO`Z)/D%X5EN)

Q;BHI+HVF]+

M0:TX*/@^7^B`I]


M^Y%P5






?_K]W:<W[]]]75(?AX-;X_9GBN6<1!;S^;S.(KO+$;QLX.558T:&:_YH
MYI+;Z27SE$R8LIX<;.[[CU,D).1(.3\JNXII+F',@VR*#\B]/WE@%.X%872

W&/Q2G)F*T$'



&1[HS;B?M


M=/:^W'NV:)6[&G$0#::M78QIA8G;Z^#FL%.WGXW[NC98`5C3W5I3Q'LPO073


+VML##*FUYL]#VT_O:&-G9!J6QTTR_S



GL.IOGO&M./I1H

LRF/(NRQIX36)0L:A0F
H_OZT



MAO[^4JL@`[VU06Z%


K7#LZ



M\&S@4

_&CIO
(OZN

Z?^]X1L


M7W%UC(C]9^9%Q(59
^7]S*K%+/+`KN;

MM[;QLV%6





WM]+WN5H
K6]N:]['%Y



(MYGJL?/)ZM3Y;LQ

MO4E'E-Z)#
Z/9

M+Q6B7]**!&Q
4H]`E[*&QQI]$8O]2($$#\*(?L0/(KOA+(K%-J7K

F7P0@HD3
H]:1DY
MC`DIY1WCNZ*(MX3)KD

1Z-Q+3


OBCVQRS:(_/Z9M$-)_

XERZRU




[7`M2PI3BMW(V(V





MCC^MF$=G\V/[


8.8H8
;NZ
9`=G`0
M




M)$SI6SW=ZG4EK`$T`V8`

MU2+)7JLNI^K.V04/)`N`7-1FK'@NN2CL?UB.N;HQD


M3*



V_*[_-KP!#3&)C[=S$&1J
H
MK$NH







#^R=4C-5W''ZOX-FQ[_^\A/'EZ.3IBW;'(HR
MN)XT/4:D.DV_T!!=I('
/W?7I6`'*.`')
W39
?=7'Y(Y`!R%-0L0$Z[

MX`OP!?@?$'-M[4UW[=LS**(C58O[,[*NC`N,Z;

M4

M^U'.*H`-P`9@LXPY?6NH#PU#PAG`#'92*ZA5@)LVPXUEV7K'Z@!NU(O3$7HK




MR$F8Y@2C\D#\




M$&G#.JG&F%98I\ZI=%
5;!

HF%(!S&2S7&M
)XO;)/

MW1@C/:


\K8'?F6&Z`
4$8E90+*

M^0_::$;?A/RG]=7D3[AA$+/_S%C@$D7A6'/XEO:(W[CM:#WC!VWB_#N
O.2!

4)_5%5OU*YO8!D\[_*]7@G&`G2WX23J1
KA[&U3Q(.KJ4-EIVL3+I
MMH7L@O:,X#EE?$GLG3P-]
BS?PDSJ]TS[D\IS?B;?-842+RI[.?IF0
++/_
M2\SG(:Y




#D-Z7

Q'I0#A&63$Z?7U@RC;X'YUB[0)HOHFF&&KG(H/O).3_+W3*+SS

;D_OV[++7X].
0Z?&5&P
M(+-#!T6%@LQ7YH\;_!
OB&=\+SX_TN!&

M1M?2AQT4-$O?(?.A4.;C?

GP

ML]M6@/FQ4:.A$E`)V%NE@]@E$_E$!F^^J9^WR'72=I?;Q0A0=:CZ+T-CH%O2




ZF850&XDTW[`

M/%K
+E

)0
2+F^\EL051Q)B
M5M=TTJ:8OY6DBWY3L#HTC7P

MD!JF

1$?N)Y3FZBPM%R1

(1+^*0W^VC$,<WGWBK*7(\-<YLJVR7?NN61X

`'CN_Z4OF(/Y7)^FPA'@





G]R
7#

F@]&/R5W=$I\JLVL

IUE
R.+?DA]YGBH;

V9T3K
M[

F+-\F!1!!;4)GR&'7]256&CY/J#/R[#?R[



MN/Z

BHF+Q3@5Q+UE

<V5]BP?Z=?\U^\(DI*'

?21/3G')B^L


M.LO%Z

MEKR_5'-]?
?:`C3?!
W;









#K#)Z+2*E)I+'AI5JGL=8UNU]H!



D`9H`Q01BUE`LH`98`R:_%JK=A;\7!Z



JK$CFS1ACR!-QP!A@C$*J!(QI-\9(SV@#8UJ


*^Q7[[0#
M^P4?67%5`L:T&6-.=J4X1P`RN!WGR74*8`.P`=ALPC.4L!4-MO_I^#.G$&I7




BM&K+X-PU*;W[R_G;M^\__2Z1
MSO233J<W7;/JMJFRK+[$M5T^S3Q\:WCY.(RT43B[3L8S7W-<EQ8\B34GX*?

MK7*R'K7539864LJ!6FL%]BRQ[X



MZST+B6GH!G2CIAM=2Q]V4-`L?8?



?;CKBJ/T$!HX^O+-WHFKK5D76A@@;N10-WDOB`
M[7O9?X2L:GC+6E-S-+;E66)D+VX3(]:\CJ.`\6?#XH/+-V6-NT!?N_1@X)
M0B$;%'(XU'L&%%(AAPH)K%9=6O6))?(J5&EWIY^5HQ[6D"DKAZ'\/M<;=PT
M*,^.F3V3'+LA8G-DQZ#DSU/)+=WL&OJ@T]!R%4JN:`(.&W?'JW:%W1BMP%D



M@:GWAM(MQ&U%5Y6SI]`^:%]!^TQ]




M1

O3M8:=1QN#




H/+@TAK6:9.]9PFD;TK6*B$T





MQ(*1M!Z0_DA--JXZ`;175E[=LJJ:\'2=$SQHW%/2'.T_
R=*6.0_:ZQ71ME
M;-;L?;2.#4-C7Q4@HC)1-9(-Z9`E6EAH/UC%C!ZM:X15)BZ]I5-$S:YIB?-




3$B*H\6

MD*).Z%/Z'_X1O61.31G.



M1W


@K
WS6$/
MY&(L0MC&P?:21JY:F\^?_SR[M/7\ZOWGS]I]
/.=!J16ST2_@E]W]=2%T%['[@DUN0Y:[PD4'7?7O&?YVD%R_A%/E^
MF']F_O+C:6$/ZOROJ_P]LF$=7CXCHN[)]1*.8
Q5E]Q!X0O^DOV3TYS?IY+N


&%.\)Z8P



M

M
FM_Q^8`2UA:HEM


BQE+LJ3D7@2:LLG;OB!3@.!3^YL_;9(;%20V-
M-
J?.B



5^M+#(P4*KJ^U;F[50Z9Y=$[6G8LQ*
MSJC03

L#IF/I@:`!P`#A/S@P`SC$`
M3J^O]WNR-!P`1_$J)Z+Q72[M[^EN6$33*D



MLDS='


M'P8

BRA[G2@[

%-J

MN






MXH#*@T+ER1JIE:
`2F@+M&6EMG3T;D?F5D!AH#!0&)G='3;:-8XU
9).S;


MX
HW?O#_G;+(T?+KV]%P(.TT&$+;*?F\[KF%+X/U&6?MW0VM/R`ND!=HYU

]!9W06K.=3A+LJW4X91_


MEEGNS5G[Y`*MPG6%E_SN8[GSJ_$C3.P[BUPO9MHT\EP6'RK'=5RPC&NW'K
X
MGV:3:R*A27TR1;N^-XA^5$!CK)%+7A=4.\G4^]-ZS,N$1(Y;C)S?,WWQH?;
MB`:5A\KG$[2A\GM7^;)KNL:^BX/$6SO=S;QI
8C_GG9/^T8@\9W


U^O)5`PVIZP@EH%N&DSW%BG

M[/IA/(O8Y_&;<#)E02S.@UPRWTG8Z$T8)_'76R=BKYV8C;XX#Q,6)/$5^YZ\
MYM'PF7C7K_EH7_GQD?=Q/&.CM[/(VZ^B+/:8H#X<MZQ7_SL_-Z)1K]'81R+
MUOV7;/S;BUC\\(782D2O$)^YQI\7Q$WSHQ-9AFE=A=;@@EWSTR8OM!%SO8GC

UYN)C7G`-%'IU'$=_$RSGR^J'&)#%@^JJ4

2N2IE6R


M*FQ-FVW-R1HI8U@:N+;*:!7@ILUP8UKZT)9?@@?

MU
&5C;S?99=#R&-O1-_*(#!
4YM-TRO+U

#FDY7
M-Z5G

M%
)HM;$51J?51L?LZ


L`98`ZP!UC0Y








L)W
_]7KCMU[F]<\WB_+G%8LFUKK&

=H5+4_*P-_9-QROS@324$^I
8[NT^=$9];EHXS


M*@;SY5J5]5V5]7[/4(NZ26+JF3*=@@I1V1](].^D^'['/SJGOEWK''S__[


M/
5M5S[(+&06







M10XO*HQ/*B`KBYRR
N?FK'UR@5ZKH+MGB1964;Y30./]GEAF0K4IMZ'QH38$

[BYB

^.=E
M_[1C#!K?G80:_X79/9@5V?=F]5:!ZG
Y0OM4C+';L`7?[`UU:R`[X]76/?BM
M$J5'V9@ZWK29%8;8X;TX:.X$`;H(V2J4\VARZ/T@K4(8'#49`ZO6DQ1$






M/


AK'U\@0$36Z]L?)UWLO\L4H%0Z&4U+4U'R2!FNB


0D$
=_G%88N7+UY'7/L4$L-
+0EK`]&+












MHOJ!%P!KK0,5U%5%Z

VH0MY+EW=,*25`&+.L($;`&VM`Q;;%YAU&T3K5L4%R9@


:T&&5Q&
/BXW4EJD@#!`F-8BC#VP]6X7=4JE10H(`X1I

`&8`


M[
XL(
Q1'8)4GF=`9:#RL:#RCE@#1`:Z`%V`+D`757@&=`&Z`%V`+BKHV7$I


4W:X7\)+
&FWT8C=L6`FO=X0!468G@IC
M7LKY<<PFIZOWNZ9N]6PI:V!PE-,N8`HP17%,L0A4+%LW.QVXL2W1+Z`*4$5Q
M5.GJ'7N@#TW9%1[`%`6UY@3%$<4TYVQ1*@=`$:`(T`9JT0Z^`)D`3Q='$


M!:BBO!@!58`J+4
5NZ/WK)X^&$HO?@.ZX1C,X-QDI&_]NNJ0XS3*!Q[B?;*
M#^-85J5&&1(&2PW&M,%@67JW;^G#AJTQ,%?*!.P!=C2
FSIZ7VCH]LVMC@H



M;U%[A
VS6JH#UAZWY0?)H+!4DB6`V`EI9!BV4
]($AVTX'7%%&D(`KP)6V
2T\PCM@T8J[G)%X8:$(R^/]I
MSB2
$N]O\?%*Q4*%$48*1FKI&8&A/NS(#]7#1BDD2X`60$O+H&7!&FM($;;T


#C*\@SH


2SD_CMD^=?7^P-8'
M0TO*&E@GY;0+F`)






MJ-(R5'EEZ?U^3^\/Y+N[@2[P58`J2C&F#:C2TPUCJ!O=(3(K*A8943?4ZJ3N

?7.@-S9(2R/XL($;`&VM`U;


_4*


O-B(^J%6)W7/[STP.*(

PBCQ_A8?K]0D%!1AE65EK&F/]!-HZ%3-XR2.K($
M:`&TM`Q:[(ZA=[NRIC_`%64$;@7&D9KBQ88QH#O6/+MN\8901*2`
$*9E
M(/HO)B!%0!JK0

MS\3W]*_KZ*?\STUK?\;*RI_QR

)JD


M2ZQ]I*4:.VXRB[S@IGF1(UX@CNFO6'.FTRC\[I$H



L/KEQ

M:[/`H\'&O[V8TA`O-)?(HG'$)Z[QYP7-V?SH1$2W=15:`YH


MSN?DEBA87JZ#VD)MH;9*J6UZ6A%JJVC-/2^6H&NPXA6
I:=^\QKLH?0
N\+:



O8



SZ^


M+T9`%:!*RU#%[NFVV=4MY%EP8O'):XFJ-##]NNK(XC0*QUZBO?+#.);5I%%'

P!9@2\NP
MY96E6UU3[PX0.^-DM$K*`U1I
ZK8EJ%W.K((A`%B`)$48HQK44CFX.+;UO
M].&G`%444AZ@2HM1Q:+`Q^:96V165*P;[O04(XJ

$MD)12E#

$
G


;L6GJW+VNXH111J2`,$8UB+
T.[J=E]V9Q80YJ@.02K/
Z`R


Z`+

MRQ8\6ZORB&*B5B=USPN\M-MHQ.Y8


M/;UC-5S=`W2I\^S'PT930!6@2LM0!;Z*\F($5`&J`%6`*D`5H`I0!:BBLA@!
M58`J+4
5Y%4.GU=9JZRXJE)89.:)8\H(*I6/I2N\T$+AY=I2;Y9CBF$33V
M/6%1X/B:.XN)VRQ5$![(51:K%1PFG$E@@3L`78TC)LL6R]8_?T/O;3*2].

M8+`LO=NW]&'#UAB8*V6$=@;&D9MO3TOM'1;1M;'!07)F`+L*5EV/+*&@SU



6ZR.;O8L?=@W
MD&M1LH:(@XJ*%QS?.%.O4'*LOYU]G[)@Y6S2'KCHIRWJ#W9L%F-=0'++UO
MR@\3P6`I)$N`%D!+RZ#%

M;E?O]KM`&)5%@@#A&D9PJ#BJ+P8`56`*BU#E05KS(ZI=VWX+4J+%!`&-
R

M



`:8H

M&KTF@!-@9`$Z`)T.0HT

^`Q

3$J@!5@I`%:`*
M4`6H`E1168R`*D5EJ$*\BJ'SZNL559<52DL

ML_IZMX?NGZJ+$]`%Z-(R=$$7T)8($[`%V-(R;%FP!J4`Y04*^`)\:1F^`%64

MW=U`%_@J0!6E&-

@

NP])Z-]@J*
UT)7X`KR@@2<`6X

;$3]4*N3NN<%7GI@<<2F$7,])_'0!.BP/]/

?Z*;1T*D;1DD=60*T`%I:!BUVQ][75G3
M'^*


_WY

M?




AIZYA#JV_T=\^O=;7/Z@YLDNT5@IUK









MOGO?[A8X52.4P]

S)VIE#+.!I%J^0^_Y+CW.EDJOXD3E

K?0-L8MIC?MRMQN


M&1_0=FK%3&X99AN.MIHTJI%.KJQ
3#;+L1I81+D%3KEM.(-U+JV-Z[0-$DW.






(J74Y=(YLM_L1#D


M\U@J?Q:V.@4M3XZ=(EZN9:/(4B-PA82'M0%FDR1#6^6EVAYNP'C_
9Z7B!P8


6!
$6-LFVD.=\`8
`:



[

MJ!9ZDQ
O];_YJ2^2@G7E._%K0N^@=SW1.V`6F`5F@5E@M@-VY;XOC#UR2JU0
M9TLKM%DS]%0:ER
1CO+-T+'[

M%H

M*J7.311/Z940-QR11






MU:






M0%/



M!D49B@Z.+O#8[Z/9/W3].+=WB.KG3)#HAKA)(J3-_YCFC63C*)36?YI.$Q:J

@S

76-

M4#Q@MANU!6;;!DH74`#

.DO$HWA



M`5O*V:)S4[



QYZ$7WXLK](9+/

M\^_=(/GC!7UQS)BE6\SZ6=6E
H[)YG5@\W5@L@[.M`Y\N0ZVS1SN[*0.?+X.

M9:J^&$X=RNT=5Z;J&V*&R:GQW




KLQ7[C3%R
M1
&X0B!&1XZU\KO?/`_FH
CFY

O=6?Z03W_I6Y

D##
W6'K







M!I.S*-%H)&?BW^=7=CX6ZRN;3$[![Y45






M05.@*1W7%$8U[C!--_

M6R7CSHL%=T2D`N.1F,`?\91DN1K&R'W;GSKA^1:W$2Q(

HV:MJ8[%+/N;H

TPJ?R7=UP%M*5#8(*V0%OZ



)T!AH

Y^5J\4?5%P?[$H;ADM*0!E3Y!P




MF;JEN;D;V=H9G0YT/T
T!1HRGYJBJ49EJ%9-O9[]X1=







VJY*=G$$^V4?[R1=S\\<*C


;$;?;-
6!_]5GO5EBP%H
MZ5(`NF8E0%'M=BYU<9(V%;^'WH'3X/3.W]RED)..4=F<%*P&J\'J_K#ZZLZ/
M\T@-3H/3X'0_.3V,LCB]PTC==2#U6!U/2-UE+H!1NJN^Q;26U5CRPWT05



-3YYRG

D
M*=H#F+!X[(?*`Q]%

M=H;9%

M8Q`ER;\$@P^O'[6G&XF1HO:HQ**J3N''=1Q
T!9HBV3:XE!'M1W1FUV@*YT!








MP`1M@;9(IRU&-DTFQ(2V=!M
T!9HBWS:DBW#B8D=R(Z#=H;9%
6W15HZZJ




M\

M
BL-A=)`:5I/!93F])7&$MY!`*7!_0.]VSBX\(-9R@O2A*T#B907)4GFD@1#
M#Y/?]E


??IHE[\:


6I

MC$XL1W?)6S!+)SW?
YQ#0$--BYB66Q#/G@$=@!UJFHZQ3*D:\G
M$5FH[\A[XAPSUKT+R#ROA!X:ZZ+/8]@V7I_#
M.*\SV`
AJV\1;9WA-H?:1L)M#K@%X6XUG3?TY;T+QW$1:MGC]G:PO;I36N
M+0RC
)@MEEQF]E_'J6?)99B%D50ON:CMNAJI

?


M]J\&6X=:7ZS[%HI%J%LL96J+=.\:
@^5'G?5U1Q:&UAU'0K8$J.@B65

7^]\V]CHU75ELBSI4TWY1
MKKY\N?C_ZYL;97![H5S?W@]NKZX_W?RF#.[N?KN_$V^;/G_7RETVV<\/\4\O
M/[:8\:*[FHZ2\3?D;@XUFV,Y!V[B)ZD2C93TD2NC*`BBOS)^*Q5





%CQ6M#
_[H\14
M;=NN@\:@1=NA@!9UTD(S1.VEH`5HT6M:H%J`%J#%&BV(:ABB%USUCA:=WQ^'
M








MUZ_L^37(891N]RKDZD8[!?T74F@JO(R^U@!Y&899Q`+Q`*Q0P0\0L4!L

M\C(

M.J@!:O2*&M2R58)[\T$+T`(5`]0`-5`Q:C:(T
IR:F[2-LTL)4X2?*3\`WPD
M^$@R:+R\#

6BVD-KN

M=`SKY_P$B`5B@5@@%H@%8H%8(!:(73Z&#I3%ATZX!*6/W_##E(5C_R'@DL2
M7M2)`C=AN_5NIU0-;D)?55BX?)VSKV))_5DHDF-_:&N+873V67156I9JDMP

MMV

M*%Q+)O][RL.$*S$/6
J'2AIM^F_9+U


M+D/^6S#E)SG?&+P[[Y$/9P'_
EK_YQE
7Q![GTOO*S*WQ=?YO#3E?ZIX/`BF
M;#C
[BS0RY2?Q^4A-KV^S_3VF%NJH`@H(A]%
M1*]0!D4D:;$Y8:[7/07J/=<%YLC&*K*5Q[[T5#Y


M33]&MF27N%-#(':8

MS_5;%/4O75RIEBYW:107KEJ&/
G%:_D3WUYTLMG,(A])O%P-W?+2RVO),!3
M'C`)P-.A2@6[P28Z4[5MNPX:@Q9MAP):U$D+S1UEX(6H$6O:8%J`5J`%FNT





MB`5B@5@@%H@%8ON
V


13?
PJG8



MU0*T`U0+;:Y$#08G8HE])F%LQ'STEG\:@JMG__E]J:KLAXCF$/S#S'8`[)
M(.#R


MG


M[OD3%B0?S\C9.26F;=O;!+TX^_G6P0X\;S:9!2SEP\$DBE/_'Y;Z45A[^)I!



.')
MXBJ^?\[.


6

H3[46*0(_6R;^C$M?6=
M,+-#T/O`ING+*`1-C2.A%2%?KI%H^#(.'8E\EK%4_U!


6KV:9O.3IEO,.M5
MH5KNL2;YU6E=6Z*LQVK;.NU*6BM-4U*W#K3^F*#;*$8QEJY_#6:3%GX-%_O
M)2_?(U8



+9R/FI;


M@[


M



M\8P.E^/




MK;%*I




M3%:JR58J88XR4%L]I4?V:L]/5V3DMBT;E_Z4NTOTB&P3V2:R34L*
G4&=(*J


M818YG03J8W7D'Z



U@R




MJLE6BG+]#^UT149NV[)!N?YU@6R34VV393K7UN+]+HAO-KSC-8T'C?T9AR
M_6N.R70'4]L[&


M67DGLH&BJNOE^*]/I%I)Y$F8*G`M
P5*2?S0ZV6ZI973^$P2^Y4DWB;71\[D
M.+D\NDSNCLJ;X@W4GM+;
ME'E62+H&%FP'(J.X
5F/M\.1U4$;K9HY

GF7
-T:O1
M27*K\E=H;E;6.2G;FFFJ84:?SLU']-*\L@Y1VFSF.C\!S7UN/;&W'0RW
R/@

C%U4&P$LK#Q

M':8].$$




DV[-6?#N
B3%LR:3
M[%*V%T29ZN+9%IRO#+/S2(79)HH+?=MG!!I/C93(/=@V\)=Q*V$(S*?&KJ



MXJ#$

``@#VAOW2Z
M$MYO0):2[2F^A*RC=F^P`5G9F.%+\JG;SLAK;J;BQMT$8X__-P!'^/1Q\_HF


`E@9RB_Y9W/Q=WD;Y-D30+7!U.D]P(#Q/Q
M-POB$YTXA%&5_;6#&3B

=EH&W



BG;C2W@8'B&W
M/1

0O:?VCYXAE?AOEZYX$@NMG.=G)W+$5-^]]-6
^9N$ZI*['
T
]GU^=P4+HXWDB
M:\KPUXEUYN-V?VJV.(8JO3#V46TI[<18`D858^-2B9C&^NU?YM$Q[+0+'%1

M6!!&
&+#XK@IZ^V(@`?8JLD'#'**B/[_N

MT



_#OETWL


MU\:F!4I`-S/KH-7WO)Z$T7O4!WSX#`(7Q]T1(B)SC
J!'W4-X4TFUV\98;PY
M9H-V]MH_



M6D.E6YTTL0:SR(9LTX;(/Y;T3:[G34AV55M+8'GM[!B1MHC/Y

2!3(EBY=E
MS3QH!F?!#%


M:Z:+0(%'NK9OF&+NY[5]DR_NXXI/V4T4=4:2.FC


MW`C+ZLLI1

M.2P+B.L1-9O%-EA1.:EHZ=$\Y6.)M(J/R[R3@E8VI=K+*V7+?`6!RT^(PB$W


KEKOG<5W`QP=F2S5=BO+*JE43]J
M

MR@0PU`J
8E5O4_([T6)L3J2Y-FR/5-801#+%FT'.P-EY6/,_3D';R48$4;



^B_2?0'GI70M





D


JX%5



6=:BVU
&`




R6-VAVNH

MI7G(



!;;I7_/)O]X$GO&&Z;!N&$_\0N_]
_(N
M)YWA5S[&_@=OF



UP?\;8L


#$S

M5:91?%6F475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.U=;7/:N!;^?F?N?^!FO]R='9:0-$W3
-9O-=@_[W[W^]H2!=!C$



M^GHYN-&G8*8UH84=S=(I`(:OL??AP-8U!]H6AUP-YA/T7\W@L2;]J-D^:!ZV


=BU'
M@Y8^M77;)
^/B0'8:$F);=%?M=+:;07$BQ7_5#
I$3=3`
3)'FFT)47M70U/

T9K-&[SGVAA=S;S6FM
MPEWP^S&R9VQ2'#M%'S8BSOGM7GNO\03@9.K0/R-OD$_?/40FRFD'M/#D*'P
M&(;OBVNH[K@Z?'T?Q/5=3.%=&SNX8QF^MY?2$V
8:X7G%W8XEF@:48H7E78
M!HN=L(UL*(7=(4OV2$\6J?UQA1
:C56^:9.&)VRV(@#3/+QA$APJ:$?@(:\
MOBA2!A\VFEJOR$-#FJI\2@YCW:`0*:O))I


^BF?3(K2]24T!+NR'4`3RX&M697QDPVZ!21Q:(ZU.E0B
M1?=_36:O&1Z$TCM5'<F&PSM
-=^2N2F=`?G4M(NG4C[M1]*HMH0N^JSVDQ'

MC/J$[8P.#N&-3
VBBWKGP4D\22EH*EY=!O`D'M(5E3V4U^MMF-U5T%[C`=3N




MV!FGRSM

M_Y0
D

MG;)?2+@

M#D7X%
NNA2.(S8VUD6JHW`3=O3X94VN\9D[Q/KDNS^.5F0T*\U1:HRJW#-O.


\C







7/O7'M:O<Z=TE8W5
M$SXK%%H/




M
HCDPJWEW!HGCWR*%;W]=#VH78.Y?T^R_$Z9C5K/`)^W2W)HE96[E222EH_W


MTJHEE;B[%+1MZT)IBF.=&

6)MWRR
MPPH7O*V7P+
:@!Z6LQ=KV+1W4NLB88MP`]VT7J.5]+H7QFH`K60TH77=.8

M28S(:ZQ2J*N08F5/A[MR#V1EU,F2/M&D9Q^A071/W
5C%+R=L3$R@0O5B9
M3PSU*5:B+/4/N47:`E?:58TQ*$^^&-+\?`Z*RNKS$LH3]2A5$]%UZ]47`E



MC%



:0^@WM4K)]F



/++0H\0U`&=0]4]O-#:










M


M_OK=7U]HL%61_4V0;
7LO^#;-]DOOQ*`O7KU-Q*':(;FK\0W_IALUNCO7U&\



Z:69XI!Z0UFD28:^
'?25]2]\PW`[#[WZ'(<QL_:8-^^D&FK0]G;






?AU@L




M8-

K$O`Z86NS8\M6K7
S^IVS?@:/D#7OD3?XW;XX?+\8RL++Q






A5JQW_NO%6F@J'H(!M)&/B

D`:!_Y$
@Z-?
M!OUC3.!7'\A5YT!!*S'?X9!C_5[S.G


@DF9X**!0Z!:=T)

4K!@T



4BO+?JO4P]3*^4XP33$`QDSC\YCW

M/SGX]\%H)9.=X+Y%R6XJCI*$X



M2Y.YD$\GN\)ZL#FDIL`0*(0BI(5Q=:=;5*J1#ZDC74;![VEV!.C-QA*J#-;:
M


MV9


WJN=^QSDUN^&.S
B?G_`JR[FU=93;UXHQ2

V0NYE:.\D

)M%\TRAM$!G


MM7]ADX



M#L=\






M4N+


M3D*JL7I425O)``?5E4F\/O





4/SM4W-1@DE'MR]N#I`RBOP5'[M8\Z
*BXENL?=AR


N7B

&V!:E)*


MM4


U4!1A4@L]'


?F5@A=TA650
4JC_RL?2]R=^W

MOQ\C5LC]




M;
4G`



2V:9Q#BMZAU;#R50FAN;USY@=#Y/`Y#Y'.X)O,^3DI














RMC4HY*

#=6AJNY8J

M)K_.T`NOHGE









X0HT

M$[QBNH*X@@\DV







HJTCD
M/UE%LMT%3HYA.X;M&+9CV(YA.X8-5!^Z3?P\3PDI9GM/5*Y%]A!2+^6!'$A_
MM)QZN;N:'/ERY

M'-UR=



MZZ#8XR#HH
XN1G=P


EKHI:6=^R20?R[6X-D$%Q
$8?&+HT&^K6C!!5


YXR+I+I+N(ND#CZ3?

JPZ)HBS$.D

W1-$?3'$US-
W1-
B&F@31)5.7)*/@]Y0FHB2L
3Y.*QNLU772[_TA.5]
MLZJ^47<KD[*,*A+5AJ1I+E0_$HXQA.H8527ED.?(XVBKJBCJ+]/TDX*GQ
I


WT
M5NL&*



;V0


M8G4N5N?RJ.SR`[H\*C/1!9='Y?*H=.51M5UQ4G?#R=C#A&_8:&^SYO=Q\LL(
P.U+;_H-&+\0#O

M&&T'498&:*Q6CYAYC\Q5]

$$N-06&P-T4(86Y
'FKQ)A!
OV2*D0T3?%D04#`S-4BSOLMU$U+ML<U.QAFGA`&1



MY5F]



8#H)?P/4G]3TR9[1%$`?NZ9PV?P73@7PN+]LZCA=8'YZ72\:HX6%VD
MZ#PE!
BKHJB!]7YV540U]RM35.
JNG^.?T

I\G
H5FKA$U=HX@I-OLA$QD:
4
^PD]\\AOV=AXK
M


*163_N+4K$Q_#FMQ%%\\

M]



10P6D-SR-I'6
M'SQ:

MB^7=XV?(CR









MH1/3?1P+:T+&ZGI:-ZM6S
UVGI4?0
NVW[-CV^WT3=;4K:3T-![`+
M4$/_4S7]R/Z0)R!E5ZV`A?,@U!S$V1S$/A*W70E6^Q<<$5IRI8_$4_.Q`H-



MK_NE%^4DYC:.GMA^CP(+';[*R@^&=?9CRM;Q:-E8+#LGAS44#W2WOY2L/S/*





D(2
M!_S3#0'DL3LRA179UYT


5QIT`CBT?=)9+UVVJA&82CRP8KEN@I//?M5C20[

M]#1?D94YN#8
$]^_2-(C*-C+U

M)XZ\R



)KH]]]?T

88-1A+358=O!&5)T
MLIG

Z?C#/D(/Z'@81U'=RA)LE/59'X;)VSV1\'(]_EA/O\[/O+4/D:Y=EL
M8?W@0OFBQS%D?\YQ50@.$V)O_3R6H%1*)[GP(IO$']'4+!_V34;JBL4W*0
M95JO@D9`E!3;7\MT6Q'S2??5IQ)=JZGLROFEXS#'[5(3F^$&A75Y+1._C
M?``4XT8
N:LH083I=!6-YG





M/F

?BJ+X1)#2KJSB#.`MMWFUQ:*\=)


$@83:ZD19/1EJ
M\6E-93
?




X.F0;L)^C

\E3L:R$!2EC:RE



=[C\@*1^*D$\_/&1?D

;Y
V%D7:^..IZ




M$&[H:($


M



KV

M
8Z\R

WC%5#(=:Y4[%[E;A\_
M#35W^[B.L@ZHN5XGRO*35RM2N6&^@S=,5A,2'[:A9J/?+:
V#:3'6`(%$AH
ME0Q#@.3L9W*YTVD]F!A#@/_K]'"[/2J^;5D+_KXOXZ0U[*+




M%;Y`5]L]W#UC$EY%OLK
.WC&;.&*]&EN-W
.OQDF3H7\E*#@;)-UH\K\DBA0
MP+GY#29WIJ:(P2Z0U0P`S-5G






9[`4:\
M)
!FQ
M(0)'+B



Q$O.;J/E`T3\-K
M/`?A#)BA[#V2<%7F`_*=Y`YLB$=!KD$^[G!(20%])H\`]ET+2*88X3D5ZC#
MARQ?DHZ^L4!2XZU60E)F


MRSSY%0=HAIY0E**28+@CAI1






DSS9M!9K+GLQ7#3*X=
M[$EW%.UR[N&Z0]3*,GDH@5[.JVXG.@8;J/7098@76&C\Q';1F&E_F;U3YOU




#

MGS=-B;_T*/K(_KUK-PY7

MEB6Q9%DL+HW%I;&82F
IU+ACY
4C.`;+3ZD4!+4



MXPDNV[20`[4IE-X_B+J8
B)PH5_XY=RNA;AJI%7A#DQ7^UCZK%NTU+'Y:'




?&B!6;K;]9?]Q:!4.@6B4.P
M4AMH4I$IVQBPZSSL.+#CP(X#.P[L.+#CP'I['@S^RBOYTE9WCY&[QTC9DJ*X



Z


X$Q_!TMK'P
[CL.MEX


MG#A
S%XN:
-(@;L@


Z
MF5;N+HR3A`[JTM;!YD4JK_PZ$B9[_SHY=Y.)&JT*W'?U1)/Y+W&H\55E!^


MF`-!#7:9A%+H(?$QCH-G'(9P3?PZZV)]7FIWE*%25[-$V=%\CD/
O@`RB7A/




MIAJ:\#2^W?*%IAF9W!8_Z%UW

[Z6KOL]N=


C`Q
M
S`R







MY6*(;F&*9=$B1U+\7^^12ATD(,?YB$
*S1PX
E0DA@$Y%OUHQ!IYL.T!A+


G
__:7;+?9_@/M]SR-HQ3\+9`_[^#29%?;:_V6&&@'9!_2((RC-?

8:+B)-O0,86
D*_]'?!\3

M9?0_%ZM?


M;SE?_KLE]R\R=.UYC')8`9R#_8
YIE:T
N;W)Q=PO_D







4J2:TJ4H*7`1R%



M:W3K2L!;&&S!+^E#F14@3I.'HQ@='V'UK=?7&BW.=PY#)9W&J







ZLDY?P
M'G*L!!_R
&0'*P*]15G'-J+EMJIH7119=%\6P7T

3%7Y[
I
MS9%P:FP:HR=RZ
$\_RL1L

M
+M]##)X$N319@ZQX$_D\K&+BX%`1


YEN'
MOY74Z^%



+N;

M8)A^HTTG4RD=5.

MI

M

^
M!!F1354-`5DS9@5BB$SO(([39W)[VZ89-/ROMB6






M$*FL$$DEO9[

K7!)

MW[?NS_\KNYU-*`?7&:Z;51RN$55PXB)V2.QQJ-1


G'T$%(V^7&];1(#X-





41B/D'P
J
ML]0.)[=H%@IG/[=WP`%Y/<J;<I_5@*-2.2T6I8)9CS_G#[W%A!#[)J5-LE3


M&\0!#I&;5TYX


NW+VFWVT6TY0I.NR8M71Y@LHGFZL
G






XC:[@
M(RKB!Y%%F#_RR3*

3#/+4[QZ5J=GCAH?
MT0M]




MRV^3E`?[UD_=ZV?K@:(.*.H365./2

4Y^!88IL`Y@4G7Y;
3O:BFR-#6Z$?!EU[?@Z@F#2&HU:&;[?-(4&O^IIN4-+;`^4[DLX6QN*QF)
MT-`I0U]7H!=I2:_UY(5LY%:7YZ]_S(N(6FIGKEYCA(#'`UV)G'8U27TMN(`3
M7%LH#'4AIZ#.!($BZ#9VE=T6V-PE#X;7
-28+-QT;DN9*L:C:7EJ`8#5UQDD=Y&D79+5`<NP*@$D6&<HY4PS3N5:VP
M7R;L;A#[^
_NG^X7NW');ST?I4UTI=\05W_^7)LJ8IP0.Y?&L\ZTCJT5#92T


G3.`J)_8;/4%*PX&I[^HC(B80WT2TW(*KK.@*^

M)?K^
XN#78F%)AQY`Y

Z


30)_;G3=(
M/<*,,C@Q%.H$.BLS)-371$047\/G\E?9@F5U)MXAL0UK3I^*L1$<93HCT3K

C7]G7X6YG3TNUWJ6`*
MT@MI'L'2G=QEF+
V5M

M1__G

8V/ND98)T64#W_1(6N


M9;J-=*GLRX\HN?S8^1!?\&W/JEDZB6@8%


%K0]Z-LT%R;3HH\&[8K]4+^#+H_0G/6,<.<T[;%/@_QQ#C.X.X&W
M-N=X=E&H*?H3.L/00@W



M

M*\XH

GV#4R99'K(U+'%9]3:O=FQS1\[9<L\)L






HPYKS]#'('N9YFC'&85+I:D*F

$&B6&)_L72/W*HZU@L-)J1;I9/EJ





M2_Y
QI@`YKQO26?*A5!!LQO
M*H($,\U4A`;
E

!?C1O0L1H9^W7Z&
MUD!\C\

[82YZI!A1%CU!L*0


MXX!EYVEBS
(2ZUDXG_M58U9O@LC'1R6#I(T;#3O

MAQ+*C!+!OLJM:_+B^BD%34^N_C)+71.C^7T\.)D@*'2CH3_G457'!.==X6(\


MU%

MG^VI^Y0$U_'?5WU*IJ$0\.34A#[6UY[^GNBD




MC4O
T8PSTGLSCC;HF+J#'XL3!.=W(V^N/737!:VM
14V-B\@.`9'X'U0X*J$

M.6\\\QS&DCD2TUM


A
5#32G8QVHDV8HMS3L<$1+1QE#80YF2RRU

MI4R!?8

M@[[TJHT]?]W

MG&S
*
;CITF!4?4?A5/


F!W
EG3G]J$D=9%3E<U9=066`;$DT])4


M-)#!65`$X+


M`COI8-6M!?5LPPIN(-H2Y:8H
UQ_*@FKIZFV$M58[3MJ`N?EG
=@*]7%.`NI






,STH3B
MT9J-$Y%U3,C3!QFL3Y'H.



M&'G])SKE'/*E/_F2DA.ZJ%GE):R:G!M=BV]A20I\V=#


`K00-
DMC+?-?]_`'&9/PMHOPK+L

MD



MR656%G6(
Q!X-3S&!).*Q)`2:W&;8BF?-
M^$7?D8VD@952?:+9FJ7OX3,3-YFE?IQ`QGH#O2E


=BK=IQO2&I7,LY=HYB^SQS8VQ//!0HL%2W`K-@SEI08W$)BE'.W^]:E]



!&R#^K('^^










]\]JZ)O
`$
M!1Z2//^TS?.O1_@

MQZ8V:P0H2\[LTM4M#U5[S8
M$1^I$GPJMUD0G%79LQ-9&$69FS*T

WF
MC3*$T3_.DR(J#JKPM!QNOGA(G[Y$(ZCEAG[H&VP#:%-?CGG
[D\J*H=)/O$=



5LNU7(A%&'[+T:
MNWL377('L]WQ;!MT'FP=N=WG7XGJ+(VC+7EJ3:M;XV<'&&3YYYXC6V87P\&6
MG(_XQC?3JE`\+1,:&3[0\L8Y+A#.04'82;;YTJ-O24)JIFX_?TTNG^<$./`[
M*#2?+L4/-(+*KT;9GDW!W9O@^1TZ(+,HB'%H&PEG1C.]AP4N0D7;+\QQ3)DA
MX/CD,4).N(T?<*-'$EY&.G948WT_,UAQGCT9S(EC[89LIKJ(DBA_A3RTJ%L


M]*UZB\@SAW%*X#I]W

[-)


$!WJ?F1)S3Q6D!2K'M
`O

M4P\`$3/MWVC9%W'ZI&OV4(!$4/Y+@N2'%?[(4ZH1K-I73=%8[WXR@3(`2B


M\%VJ*Y#`PBN796LQTEZ=)P\;`U32L9&49^WU;#1Z#[&%[3R9T1)1X5U9VBJ4
M0!PT_5KB8V4@L92&T-(9^F0(Y#DZ1@K=B^C5,DV#XBE[)6BK?E_6]P4]RE
M5]GZ*8AB7+=HT&UVOEY`-FBX]-98X*=Z':Y`@2(%:08::+PNR)SR#SX/7`M9


02
M+D!.6S06J$99_

=
M6'/=MI[9+$^O:E/U_TM`#-VF*Q6%&M

MP6!;P

KQ5;S^:F(ED









[W?_5!EHE3Y5
M:R52#C_:7:/_2\/3-_R]VE!VR@C+31?WH'6OZC'40$A;0)$,!';L9#1`



MV_7$.(-;B$'1B;B8)#;5XW^]`*.UY_YLV=$Q&T,&NY*'#XV\.;G&8GU=PMY
M-;BZZ@W@!I@93XXU+^:
WL)\-3#3=N2]*.
S5C+*F6#Y=N':M:3=(P*#_*G

82B3/K1&J0$AJA0XL$]]29R%H


M&0S+#?XA_[$
XF@;P?`Z2ZO?K?'HJ(C\[0==]!:X/311%STX(+!Y$6W`OAD#
MPAJB[[OF#()ENF-

MKQ

MY4I



MA$FXWFRR
HCSYOB\2+.SM+POMF6

E3`II0='^_=(-.UJIQLC-Z47A5Q%Q=1
M98XTS_&KVU.4XSLJ

K1*A$`TNX^UR





MB:R^XD7
+TD




<
MV4XY`IP#Q^B)




105


J2W$D\H[N$00S1[W
MO'27&2D-3^9



-YN7
M0WXO+DHEHC\1%?

S7M1/T.^
MS/T[1-]#OJW#Y5D\*W]:FUHHKV[V-9\A\P2-SO4&;7-M4+U-:US[5._5G]X!

MV**QX`D/5KZC?V)JQ7+#^+BUZC%^E&-ZQ

'=..[XO)_%V($$S]]D]S7M9E\9AFT9\P)$$'



RAP\33




BW2'Z#ZW3`\G=*I/I:@(T\K)&(!%`ET



*);L
MS/%6(\3V0T0_QYX1))PS;1%E&_3D.VH^_!;O\W?D]%3_M79X$\3ND3QMKT


4S.A/X;AR;F]ZH3
??X5;

M


MWU2UD0*-IF(20MF5I6\*;EQMJ0_]!FY@]`3##_LTN85%0:WFJ^W[M$#;)`G1

LJOP44V'O
C!U1:O2;?5\QW(JEE`B:9!
E[/@S])


JTV$=D_'87T$0)=]E

MSN*]G!9!MR_ED^(N\H(BWL*%!%W



MQC@#I4I*20U;$FH!<ILEK8.20*:H:`:B^_.[6BON;LF+&M.;6U:.
RHUL6)
M9UTI&
0SKSXM1EDE7I


A\.\:N=2



M5%CK\*.S?EL[^C(I$-$B_!(7SQ,;[A8
?/#B(\Q(4[JL^'[U[.30D5`QJK
M0KI(EZ\)




MJ/OX!U

WKXY9!\.N?WWR7_?#=WU__
M]N'ND
??/6W^?!7_9_']A].WU^$O_S?^ZIODO^ZO3L\N#V_N_MBLU__GF[^_
M6Z??W
3A_8]O'[[\X^'_G%_\Y^;F;?CT?WZX3M\7OW_W[KNKZSA=WUU%/_P(





MH![O53[-&

M4YB?!#'^U;S*1#;Q]&*Y)P4G;HL@*_3TB00]I3II!I-VL8UX8K$E/?U`V\EO


MW=K'AMS\L^/G$CDZQ1%K40:-//+_`H



MT&=0S[EB-#\[CV?M-$:46.FV)K'MJ_4IS(IH&Z%/8'ZU/8/[%-GBZZ*NB4E*


A*NY#0`\T&/A1DTFM2T`-$A@[_*^SE)T/R@.UXB`



#RP21.A10SN7L

M^`!TQ%.



-;K(/_W$\QQ:%:WX^*DQ]&$Z'DYHJ;#



F96#8^)E9\.

MJO:*8L#0QFT/E%M(=TF3E2(6`;LC76^6XRZV)?AIE7CXMX(M\34PDM+82K=
MM-R'D;[Z\^RVU18J#;^M'JE'F-#6YOPX=]PB+KJ62W@Y=V%[K^0\U^79G=TO
MZL*]`(?V`$9H7/621&%45P6T1

M'F0)4H@YPHZL8KX`PVD0\U`/8PJ\1:TL&=B@!0YJZ#0PAH&/`]WK&?#VI@JA


@






/U9W&86S42:^%
MSJ`5Z`!#3#L)O!R40;(-,*FZ,IG2OJIE9?2D.$K?YX=TYYM,3G;D3NOGBA

(5P`/7
C[NQY?Y4T.!Y2P-J)H

=.L<3$O;/%#E&5S<1`



3:F03*M=9DBB0:-V_;


MD[-JC)%6B_

=ZUIIJ1


'$5/;].
MDA+7%^[

10M@Z-&
MA]V'I]U^%N9%R0#+L4-RK,B^G.VW!KQ9#ZNPT)L1$4UF4]\5]-4,*U;5%.V
M3.M8XHLHB0KX-GKKD=TU7R(T-6`QI6\A[
H4
6
/D1(CI*H9AP9=$1&@798



K['/Y1HJO*
M.8)6W*$A\P5&BB=SG/LJ1$3TJ-]\#\@`@$?PLA0]O8^JF-AYYY2NW5^R7B?;
M/B^NMN072

_W]4J:$K/$T2E1M03+)J5TC

DBM+\&HD;E

M68*9.=`]]4$+G#1T9L`W0K(
Q6A+'5T)

2[.
+M!C,[K$LHAH[HUL2`Z-Q
M%1,H2W$*Z,NXAHDHY:MP-+:5[BD!=X%PW)JLX6LZTWL04RU$)-71/L



M(!^#




_$S-[_?%J28NGDIL1AQ!C%%1=^W:N6U('OML06'9J
M=:WBOHO/9ZEBT:UIL+;%ZQW48(+=\RG2+H3N#Z.K

M:!7;.F_/TM7:)Q@704'+YU:265^_9XO'DD[HU+:1HJ+20ZVS90FBI
7&[BN!





M\5\*5CGFL+[+@A#N@NSW&9_6!G.X/*+[DPODHOUL.0]H(MZP
L%=WI@.C%FZ

+;-%_
4V9


M576(/0CI6=D9P)O#V;1QB6

M]\'@OZ=[NCA-(#*=&])8

M



M?R*7USLN!J+R)=6WX[X6/?M+);B`Y#RK%//1+CB,2Y9F$4P7U]G5?W:F7/#
M9-.YC7*38+RXY
18`V:
:*

6^GMIJ9G4-900+;*+G3#!++]@Q9M7
=HX
Y

MP;+LXS9H$;Z[X&/CI9C/)N;.Y-KTY2$A+\'8\^$LXEXE9]NPRB)WQ=9):;2;

'

M_-R;`\J.L*]F




9#!IR@M

=.B$%*`@K&M2?@_K[A3@F%7QHO3VR!;MW5DJPX;HM.?1?
WJ*C%`52?
M+<`0%)XX2QO26ZOUQP





M-S
?LRYM6)=R6+
MQ-5C+8T=-E#J2B`.[4L5+L)J?
RP.MBA#@7W?Q/495

M]BP@L&X6_G@P?W70XNEA0_[XT
&SL
C2H#Y-DSR-HS`H8/CA]CG*S/+.!(/=

M5
Z`7_[?8PHVM^R_




C



MS
Z0:RL?)L?T='E&




+Y

6%

#PYT.R[BRA!MJ)1UPLY



L8
M;M

$\&^Y`]9@)VAPY9&-)0+=WQC4N'#VZ%D#&@&`30*

M@H\BZ*PIK56/%5:J\QB`H\&V02B.BB1^PM(46


P63ADVQ<5@7Z?
M%K_``EO2!OJ6.]!E`(/`5$N(!8)]U`'Y.+\2)TJ8ST;5J3:)5NPPA$:'#3



M2#F^SM*PW!0Y5H\&6HPSS&E8TG!^40^GZD-`;+
%.*K$!&^;XO`7YS@LB8\%
MMY^3@L8OB






HT

3-6YV

CV5&


NTI*^T8`
MQ`MU[4H08L+3GWHT?W%$]^
W$*+#TX0#RG_QHBEN[QDX39

DBL=A
MQP
&`&`@+




@BP(;;8D5)

F#.4$2DC
OE0AB8(\E5E#0%T.0GZK%R&


MDMXS:

MAVP]*?
H@7F.%-=]%5/2XJ?-5#

M(RQP1)`%5RU`^7::&2/

MN#^6L.ZNE[4F.H/Y)HOVQ#A($*H;?/G&:7UI'&TB@Z/9&J!'R]P:9Z%BMR2G


UA%FU^Q8&.<39YY(Z^KTOO1)Z
MB
Z`QJ*U.23OAH3RYE@AYJ1Y9$;B?$

%+






MQW6

MK[@$/?YN!=HOO9U6(M19#LB7YVH?U5@TS$[7&Z1*
]B_H0@/GVH@*%)0#07M

AAJK-H2QX^7)

M%F91&AX+KP$8P-$]A@#860`S#;@_`/:[:BI`IEG1?T`U':#S^;KYS4$ZGL!
MSQK7*N`&(D.Y1

!!`H?O)U






O$(_N*L:G*/!+9ZLD_MU%PCV06)R6;ZX8:(-$)%0Y.AB@U8+
M1N20:P0+RKJU'!40))$D\6W9?D5HC86L7;9/@DPT%4:1)D!_8C6H--G
1&

MGI7NT`S'-#Q*T`A@`H$:)RN(AW)[?F8GF
-:*34PV/(R$O\[R$X1EMQ4P\




MM$`KMI+K
G47Z&`



B7J!&%ZM95O6

\K4(
&F
Y=$7A&

1`'


M@DVW15!

+S*)_\+GQ%





C2?_#*/^]PB9X@
*:/YTQ
'4&Z04

SWWO$+VE

M5?%8IZ*!ZU
79[%=-6K_:EN?=(\OK1-R\1[M1[C^2HJ6@J/#?)EN]P4YT&6
MH!V:7\.,O%]J[HQZ&'%^DX%Z\:I^DD;D:^0Q2(LLWAL2`O(FG0FZ%79777+

H!BA?P+A091?+V
-+4U6^
US7-2K@09_3B@)S]+

MI[I:@K]8
OZBQ
%?



-^'\SW4
A].NJ(
M#!OV!
5%T/WF(

Q6ORTHZOG!&;Y8[1O8]^%SUNY+(5:(#PDP&\/&_IKI;[T&5&JIZJ--3E
MU^5]'&TNXC0HIM+D+$A7!0L&

C:0E

V&T+AGC]FV30



*=&N;]ZF4?=Q*/E!4VI%\JUA#3)X[24+5.8

UO.4QU((


M?C9=XBPC*4NCSC9U'U&WDH



TL
ELQC

M/3SB`)$GF`4/\/PCS#9158!FQFM'DVC*H+(-3*@P@;4Z-!0+X]W([(/NE]



M

FXHW)7JW5
D1')Y5Q=?
MH!@$;2^6+!-]'YD:RS2[8`[HXS;N-


\RF_W+_P*ODIR*
UTWUXL??


^%30'YG$\]P/0GYP;2
:.':U97L@B%O!




KB?6IR-69]TRKZP^W1;1

^3W\@`

NK#G



#9E77GN6DV7J^ZIFLFZOIC.GF


M;D+F6'43G)O4YY`4(




M$L*
N3B0K
:30Z?#ZPWVK4YU@Z/NR18!4&(

MZ0Z^37-2)I#F)[R#2)96BU0RI(JG/LS//QSFE)6Y9)0$(!X;T'@WJ9/&89
MT

S1WPKA(Q&
M0NJ7T@R6&A#.SJ]`@086J(%YU\%F:^=M;AOJN=;+]0O$75HU+
=%S#6:FS:O





M4[3R![$7@ON*AW]N_E#-LVI.''+\U'-5\E?/!JKI%O;V9TTVK??!D4QY$?$I


M9J1DZ!_-;-]!44$&)




M-%:K9$EMCV]CPT&1JJX660U'Y+*O_X`D*PB602))P&6L1_6/9*(3&0F$OE

5EE*'?^AE\!.AG

0!KGB0]2_(
7+U_^XP7^O__]O_Z&


?-/[^Z1WYZS?O
MW[]_17Z[^]
4=OTA6O;-JW]_O+KS5V#MO811FGF1CP&D\

QA$#

\RCP8^:O8CT/T]PLD`'&RQ8Q]A;]Z


M='&D#X:Z7=VMT
JK.`Q`DIY_R6&VO4=+O)':!6W-5_]0SXE3+UU=A/&3
K+O
M%D38JD#V.LZ`%')D`74
Q\N]ED;HM4KRO%:`S^N1.I04H'3:Y5ZLUQ25ZO





MGN4)^`@CN
[7MVAU+[SQMAA




)=[098`@[



?H65H7]SE-$


?F`2K6.TCAEN:@R[)1'




MZ;SF&7V*O!QYYB8/2`K'F'#76+.NFYYRIAQS].72\_;_+Y;O[20Z^B5]5O

MQP1W
3+3=%I4P.G1P.S@)^6(<-&U






3XT'?'\R


MFB\(=NE\__9=VS'D0V`:]@XG42OF2Z70%;*_E





4654]IZ.!LL2CZ&

M2*@?6V)/]Y&6OG&)



M]=(5\L;Q?W!1YJ
7XJCJ+#OUD@3W#



MH


MO1!-IUP8.3=$-W4)0$&V5O
0=^[*^;





MNZ6K4FKXZ8V9#
*TY:%/KVLW3#D5[2R%7XFOU[!H6(M+?TE#W6(?*BK#SP=
MW28V4LO!?TH1?DX;OE/]QB.P\9HBLBS?UE$D3-YW]O7M]X:FV?_OM:_1_
MLSQ;Q0G\$P2OB\9.EVF*C&DD@/5^7SSQ&)7PS`?8AD3_\.&L)(7-OK1M;D7;
MHY8N



MS%.


'MG(C'
I'5!49*6GF4QXRC\3Y

#
7!^BIL%BYUT[))QX(52\101-'O74!?5`L\
X[F5I'ZV4Y#-T'5O-

AX(2@ALOF2=D@P')HU:C0_77%%`AVV
9]O*;E8YJRJE5


M#(M:?I'R$TF\!%M2[];JD



M946HRCE
?C??8(JFY\\@\6$*@FN0S1?WWO
)B


M8/`@U=1=YBJY.B(WS8?U&26;@:WJ36]1KOZ1IT7?N_N8@BMI]*N'SZS`C9Y?



^60

M


QX8_K;F)=
MS!JIZ8[Q


M\I*EGNP`-PZ39#P_I072K[N\]Q*'4N1:OS01GB^0`D([SK8WH1=E.)^_P=CJ


VZ[M!&TKT*V4_






(1N^O2#R*.65N1&/'!S
M`2


MP:


R&KJ4

<28$J+W4&
M4C^!FZI/0E$A2GI3A]!')+]'2)Z@)3YSQ7O$5U?0K
RUMJ-!
7:PI:6-I]6=

6DK.0;+:0


XQLV


2SD8D;'9R_Q2)`+'-EQGSG[R-E'-MM'?3I%

M7-S(AGO











M%)$R34_C]0.

GT?PY=.OZF`





M:1Q9&J%*!GYKY
CVM'&H?E4&BS0PE!WX!.Y5#DJ6'/_.T#7;@^D(IY@#^B1
SERX^7$<3T&\7-&0(ZD0H=!NJ5W'VOJCB'F\.?4C!?G*<97*
=
M:8D^MR!
P69J$Z4*
Y@**


@)\'60


8+E]R




)#QEM)@%R&W&#C$_7RR`CY\D
M[]^15O'72
B'X:P:&XYHJ0(X&.-]F(4%A&2*ZN/E127LQ(T0KKH]C.+@BOH




M/B%'


M:$O-7$:+.%D3,B`_O_CE6*8;%RK6B*K.<9'Z&-]<+ZWL#C?3WGIZB*
G^[R


MQ
RU!;+AIG26E[.\IF%YM54
TCJ5`AJW134K&G:H`$:+BX.Z:@M6[;.V^)^D
MD6+
W



MK&8D:39`RL
M4WM(6'74&#(SWTAE9IIQ31W'K07!$J5V$+BN4[M-%''K)JQ[
M^X:S)?4^O+]X85[0/4WS=?&S*G\B8#3TKLO7GY%U

MK@#%%:!878`R-'J!-GGAPH







E

ML^-F[&5A'ZV49&N%.'B1)Q'


MFI7


M*091*:*N$YG^6TQ?OE





5$1P

[!IW

M%M95!-OZQ
(5\O


673

M6%Y;EG!RW2_M;ZR1@4YSY&'N

MR:9L&AH74\]*0%SWWL%'%JO-PPTJ+(
4.T`52J4*'_$@
4(V'E-G.U&L=!1_
MLJZ8X0VE;H#M3/`ML?R9.

M/@+\(]%V[DW0\\7]`&BD
.];H+G



M0U0D6$80JSER(K4\D!=!PPX;5J&


M.M+RQ






MD

!HF2
1?



MA[@(K9@UHRTWJ@/-B?CV6CAD
OM*C*C+-


M)4;6[Z]M%+E.




M6^RQ*1#/M-/#?6I

M
NO/4P_JYL^81'A)`R?5S+9PT2

M7-FH],-E,`2DZ866=IW2N+ME72P%%]3)/KGTHUL7%33NJCFL+3PAWEB'Z2




`&SJX/6I_UA

5A2'
M+SJ_1=1_PY7.:WUBLSW0WIVRR901'[+3^2WTR'RVP,BBTR+ZRRZ2QZOD$G




EV1$F;8TQ(!=I(J



DTZ7KM.5KGLC\^;J-`%%



^L:5$_?=-B@N[6-


/C*S8EKD!4%=X=O+M7PH@G`WE/1(H29+CT5



:


M%2\7-:4ROL3+/`
I7$8\I4



YS[PH3%

MRQ_^`'YV']=;ODHE0/M7-!W\[B^7XZ2.PM2$8DWS*06+/+RRWY8R:X1DZ6




MXXJC5\L-44SBR4MC;?QB%Z0IVKL77@N8@&6=4P;=(R21^J86,ABUEL^7V_

P(!LK5IEM8XL^/

:)

GQQ4D8




=:W='4!4
M(Z2








8EV
M*V(45OBX6T@N3D&2P05$?X(K!L_`)D8^_P[]9($]_''02T6#Q

M[*J
_BLOF8BAQA#

;*268$0T2-('F(54HN/





MZO9L7M5C=CE%53SH_@@\\BAM'MUBPQ.[X


4+=:#P00R6KPT-=Q)IJF_$
(:
M





M!\(GS


M?F5817=F_#OV9B:\=_R%%'*NFBND4%%((1;M;[D+O[\6=9ZLSKUW[-*H6^3*
M*

M5*2YO62)SL1-GO@K+P4?T+_WS37UO9P1Q




ME5ZM+(D%FQF_N1=^FQM'1


&UXY#WVDYL]#/L




N$E.;5=]5:=4G2F$(C1[?RM?+64-[GJ6&_TV:KW^X-
M4OQGQ%(P



_2

OU8V6L]P#S8X#W6L^
M]='*4




8[W)AG\4]M@3CHP:\2IUY;J(9;9T:H7
((9N(*/


MP0'TCS;ANQ:TU13IW/Q?U'GH$02+7`:



MIV_.+#]C=&)HXJ*S1SD-E#W&MVOH%%)S1B=YNH:6Y=W`C)K1/3+7P\3*&W,
M%1X$C8E!*C#C5H(P/^H4HSW.M/-PZPH:G)3SR&?^EQRF$&\:C_:+\@/D!E5
$PBN!&8<4!!QN-6I%N`!4Q3^/U`XP(TK+9*,XE72+J
M^(Q=,:G2/[K07X$@#\%\T5UX</A3`'1.1Y#9P)WK!2Y)7V=*:?*5
JKUMR:



R?O[9E?$!E5J3:J2L



O]



J4J3=(+8U+\8*%9.SXF




M]%.I9
%[80U3+/]+'&)?


M_S]02P
$%`````@`TGJ]0J(%!Y;;%@``J`L!`!$`'`!R;6-F+3(P
3
P
C(X


M193`KV[B/V'X%CWA&/Z&WR=)
CUNM9Z?GU^YD)2Z?HPI26
74_;!V=U]Y[#_
M_ON_WK!*3F+
JCAV?H5ZKM#

74G



/J(A(9B$JBW;FX6;Z4[K*?

(!
M#G&4G)


MNP41OP=H^`I0%DE0[
8DP.I6:DUC
H5QY$
UE[_*Y*










M8M0094:4B*FV3K7H=(4\'?#UB!EMG'OTTN@(&S(CI
9`6V`^-@$[AUQ;-]M2
,V8DEDX$.T1
RQ?2_?.\$
MFZ([/.8K4Z
T;


U%1


_VM6X5&12*UJ=I=L*`*'\D_L9$)6G/-#\5&R36CHU$^B]P@T

1K&QI19

M!EL\L85%$V+0#*UM\28CSFB7)[:M:/W8:O8:_E;B3TJ@=I^W)[:NU-W;S5C;
M'E=RL@RV=WMBHXK*F]J

M


M.)J!NA:Y:3C$

MNY!L7GVSM&^DM]4U[^*K9FR*;5-&1S_52EE#G3EU$N[TIL5]L3G*P(&FI*[A


M%!+N
4//*/8H21/VEHP'F[R4F7Y@B9NRAA9Z#
TSJK6]WNIW/BU[`S
P3H;&

M'`9K[4[4]'-85K/XU*@P_#G=&0M_-\/JGVAWH?6K
`71\2&T]-^U`)RJF@





MFV&\;2)U3.I

2F-8GBB^
MB7T7]X.`N$*[E#*9P6(JL4D9L\M.2.40'([!*4$T\_`:O
^/A
+NH[P+M[@*

X@L4G$6)G\PJUMZL0RA3

MG`B%F$Z1BQ?X?AG&P2L2CUO==GNOY4?

M@\V!D&AW33`DNE;@
I<L=A4K[=8;7XQRPP)AI?0$8VCG<<E*=ZNP.;?_@[2P6E



VROVTV1N%NK?3=!L)9?4)I=XZ\01D<9$\#


0+:J&
M\V?!_/8


/3XY+*!V

M2E.DJI[:][ZF-+O'X9X4)UCQ-4[R`Y`$_LDJNHG)D^_!UF)F=9ML5QS5GKA8


M$V;`X@CFF;?)3_;3

42/L-@CL1*=




Q:Q,JQ
M=\[<W!.?@ABY^FF/I`ILF-B?F\2OF1K?=Y8P;`8P*Z;AFD6SE5IJS_11[#I


J9L1GDN[[SXRWJ6
M).4C47W\#V.PT4BBD;]OB((4

Y27'G@]H:-Y(HM@Y
X0S@:DZ\#U%T2S+6IR=LD<V%3SEG'`3


J7_P!Y)ED&IYW#83G2.







M1X2*1PT2ZVPE

!@&_CC3O^T1SQRL@KY?0:F8


FP40$`TLT?`!$`&````````0```*2!`````')M8V8M
C`Q
S`R
M


3
P
C(X


C`Q
S`R
M


(``#KJP(`````
`
end








begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R83=D




S-A
M.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
O4VAE970P



#I.86UE/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9%]86QA;F-E7U-H965T<U]083PO



O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O


O








O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-






M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970Q


3-?1V]O9'=I;&Q?86YD
#I.
M86UE/DYO=&5?







O4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC
#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE




M+U-H965T






S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


O
M4VAE970S









T+FAT;6PB+SX-




M








X




M86UE/DYO=&5?

\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M7T]P97)A=&EO;G-?86XT/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T95\R7TEN=F5N=&]R:65S7T1E=&%I;%]);G9E/]X.DYA


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K

M:6YG


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




M=&%I;%]);F













M='





T0B5V]R

M971A


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


U]';V]D=VEL;%]A
M;F1?26YT86YG:6)L

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T95\Q-%]297-T<G5C='5R:6YG7T-H87)G97-?
CPO





#I.86UE

T0B5V]R:W-H




S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
M
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R

M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



]


]


]

M34]53E1!24X@0TA/0T]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
M

]








]













]



T1T;W`^16YT



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR





]


S-A.&$W9&5?
M
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A-V0V83-B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$4U44%'/@T*

M


]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1G)A;F-H:7-E(&%N
M9!R;WEA;'1Y(&9E97


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S4Q+#(V



]
M
T1N=6UP/C




]
M






]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M


]



]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L



T1T

]

R


]



2PY





]



]






]











2PS-3`L
M
#

M;7`^
RPX-S8L
#


RPY




I(&EN8V]M
M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@;F]N+6-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C@L


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T($EN
M8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@4DU#1CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]

I



]
T1N=6UP/C$T


]
T1N
M=6UP/C8L
C$Y+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C8L








]


C`Q
SQB

#$R

]
T1R



M(#
R


M87)T7S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A-V0V83-B-&1D-PT*0V]N





]

M


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1T

]



T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='





M8V4@;V8@)#$P+#
X

]
T1N=6UP/C(X
RPR









RPQ-#@@86YD(0R-#DL-3`P+!R

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L
3$Y+#`W

]
M




T1T;W`^3W1H


M


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#4T
RPY
S





]


]

]



T1T;W`^3F]T
M97

M86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@)#
W+#0P







]




BPU
M

M1&YU;7`^

]
M






]


]



T1T;W`^06-C


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
CDT+#0X








T1T

L
3

RPU-#(L

]
T1N=6UP/C@X
M



]




]


#`P(&%U=&AO







M9VX]

#QS


]

R!P87(@=F%L=64[(#$P

38R+#
X.2!S:&%R
M97




T1T;W`^061D


]




T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN
M9W

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
M.#

]

M86QI9VX]


S@Y+#$Q



]

C
L.#
S+#DT


]



]


]







M


T1T



V$X83=D
M95\R-C`U7S0P

M;G1E;G0]


]

CDL(#(P
3(\

M(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@


M(#4P-RPX



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#
X

]


M


]


]









]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@



#`L
#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S

]



BPS






M86QI9VX]







]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]





C`P+#`P




S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?





]





]














@86YD

3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$X



]




M=&ER96UE;G0@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#`X


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
W+#@X

]

]


S8T/'-P



C0L.38R/'-P

3$L
M




BPW-#



]
M

]


]



]




C







]





]
T1N=6UP/CDL.#






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^









]





]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC

M;7`^
2PP




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#
X.2PQ




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
38R+#


]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#(V+#DS

]



]
T1N=6UP/C0L


T1T




SDL
#




]





M;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#0L.#DY*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]



]

C`Q



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX-S8L
#
R/'-P



S4L



M


@

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
U
BPP






M



]


2PY.30L


34S/'-P86X^


]

3@L-C



]






]
M

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-#
L-S


]

]

]
T1N



]
T1N=6T^*#DP

M='

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#$S






]



M

M97

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M
30W+#`U



M97-T:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$P
BPU
M

M;3XH-3DQ+#@U

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(')E8V5I=F5D(&]N(&YO=&5S(')E8V5I





]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#8U



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS+!N970@;V8@8V%S







]










]




T1T;W`^

Z

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C@R+#(R



M9VX]



M


M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#8R
RPP







]
T1N=6T^*#(L
SDW




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S0S+#`Y
CQS

]


R


3(U


S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P
M-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A







M

3(@36]N=&AS

C@L(#(P
3


M9!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU


M

2`M($Y!5%5212!/1B!/4$52051)
M3TY3($%.1!354U-05)9($]&(%-)1TY)1DE#04Y4#0H@(`-B`@(`@($%#

24-)15

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


M;65N='



M(S$V
#LF(S$V


N

M3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

#M234-&)B
X
C(Q.RD@:7
@86X-B`@(`-





M5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2

M#0H@(`@(!
96%F(%EO9W5R=P@3$Q#(@F(S@R
C`[04Q9)B
X
C(Q.RD@

M96UB97(@
S`L#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#(P,3`@86YD(&]R9V%N:7IE9!T:')O


3$

#LF(S$V
#M!3%D@=V%S







T1J=7-T

30L(#(P
3

@
M07-S970@06-Q=6ES:71I;VXL($Q






M;65N='
@=&\-B`@#0H@(`@(!S96QL(&%L;!O9B!I='


@87-S971S(&EN($%

*2P@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R(&$@-C`E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

M(`@(!);F
N)B
Q-C`[)B



X
C(P.T-O;7!A;GDM;W=N960F
M(S@R

M92!R:6=H=!T;R!O=VX@86YD(&]P97)A=&4@52U3=VER;`T*(`@(`-B`@

C`[
M66]G=7)T:6YI)B
X
C(Q.R!A;F0@)B
X

M)B
X

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M#0H@(`@(!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W




M;GD[('1H92!C;VQL96-T:6]N(&]F(&EN:71I86P@9G)A;F-H:7-E(&9E97
@

F5S('1H90T*(`@(`-B`@

C@L
M(#(P
3
Z/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]D:78^/&)R+SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!W:61T:#TS1#DP)2!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
M

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C
M96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]



C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY2;V-K

T1B

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV/]F;VYT


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U,B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N
M=!I9#TS1%1!0C$M-B!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M.#(Q
3L@1&]M97-T:6

M(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


M/3-$

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!I

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T



M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!I9#TS1%1!0C$M
M.!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M:6]N86P-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@3&EC96YS92!3=&]R97,\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM


T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#


3$[(&-O+6)R86YD960\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T




M5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

2TQ
!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
S9P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

3L@1&]M97-T:6

M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-

3
E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^#0H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E('-T



M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


R/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P



3$




MB`-B`@(`@(`@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@;V8@52U3=VER;P@26YC+B!4:&4@
M;6%N86=E;65N=!O9B!5(%-W:7)L+`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(!);F
N('-E

@9F]R('1H92!A8W1I=FET:65S(&]F(%4M4W=I


C`Q


2PY-3$L

@;V8@
M)#
R
PT-#8@;V8-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(!5+5-W:7)L+!);F


C`Q


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'




#$S#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@86YD($9E8G)U87)Y(#(Y+`R

3`X+#`P


38P.R8C
M






C`Q
RX\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M


M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M87)I;'D@8F5C875S92!I='


M(&-R961I=P@:6YC;'5D:6YG+!B=70-B`-B`@(`@(&YO=!L:6UI=&5D

M06X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U
M;G1S(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&AR;W5G:`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(&%N86QY


@86YA;'ES:7
@:7


@=&AE(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&]F




M
C(@;V8@;F]T97

#`@;V8@;F]T97
-

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




@;V8@:71E;7

Q-C`[)B

M=&5M(&)Y(&ET96T@8F%S:7
@86YD('1A:V5S(&EN=&\@86-C;W5N=P-B`@


Q-C`[)B


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


T1J=7-T:69Y


M
#LF(S$V
#M

@

@;V8-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!T:&4@:6UP


M+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.



M97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I9&5N=&EF:6%B;&4@



@=&\@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T



M13H@


M3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4


M86YC:&ES:6YG(&%N9!-86YU9F%C='5R:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,N#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(%1H92!S96-O;F0@='EP92!W87




M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B










M;W)M960@:6UP86ER;65N=!T97-T:6YG('=I=&@@;F\-B`@#0H@(`@(!I

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@



-B`-B`@(`@(`@9&5S



M(S$V
#LF(S$V




M(&9R86YC:&ES960@87


24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

M93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



M)B
X

M97)S)B
X
C$W.R!L:6%B:6QI='D@:6YS=7)A;F-E+`T*(`T*(`@(`@=F5H







M


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M($1)4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4V%L97


@87)E(&UA


M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B



M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P




M=&EO;G

M;&4]
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



@:6YC=7)R960@8GD-B`@#0H@(`@



M4TE:13H@


M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N







#`T



38P.R8C
38P.U5N9&5R('1H92!C=7)R96YT('-T




#`T('1H92!#;VUP86YY

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$58


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@








T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



T0G3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L
M;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M86QI9VX]




N/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*

M-#4W+#0T.2P@86YD(0T,3,L-C4Y(')E;&%T960-B`-B`@(`@(&5Q=6ET

M


1494.B`P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




@

M(`@(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&YE=!C87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(&9I;F%N8VEN

C0L.38R(&%N9`D,3$L,3DU+!R97-P96-T

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@




C`Q





M
#LF(S$V

X
M
2PT
S


M;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M4U!



C@R+#DW.2P@=VAI8V@@:7
@


M3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY




3(N($EN(&-O;FYE8W1I


M-RPR


3
@86YD(#(P
3(L
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4




M
C`Q






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V('9A;&EG

T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M8G)U87)Y#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C@L(&]R(#(Y/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@


M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9

M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



M9VX]


P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-B4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE




M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]F;VYT

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@


M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
30E('-T



M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A






T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97


M;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M5#H@


M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

BXP/]F;VYT/@T*(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W


M)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9




05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T)2!S='EL93TS




05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2



M:7




#$R#0H@#0H@(`@(!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@
3`Q+#8V
2P@
M
3$W+#0S-RP@86YD(#$Q-BPP


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P




M



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#XL(`T*


M(`@(`@)#$Y


M9FES8V%L('EE87)S(&5N9&5D#0H@#0H@(`@(`@($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X(&]R

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@


T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q








T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY);@T*
M(`-B`@(`@($IU;'D@,C`Q,BP@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT:6YG

M05-5(#(P
3(M

@
M=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N


U
M
TS,P@26YT86YG:6)L97
M1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T:&5R+4=E;F5R86P@
M26YT86YG:6)L97


M;&4@87-S970@:7






#$T+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!A9&]P=&EO
M;@T*(`T*(`@(`@:7

M(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
-B`@#0H@(`@(!&:7-C86P@,C`Q
M,R!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N=',N/]F;VYT/@T*


S-A.&$W9&5?
M
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

O4VAE970P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

T0X

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
38E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



24=.

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M






T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS





'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXT+#(R
2PP



T1L

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

3DL


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T86)L93X\8G(O/CQS










M1'1H/D9E8BX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




M1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.3U1%#0H@(`@

M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z






M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


T0G1$E3

3
\+V9O;G0^/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


'!T
M)SXR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*



T1J

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU,3,L-C$X/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU,3,L
M-C$X/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY
M=6EL9&EN9SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-

34E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


#`L

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G5$58

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`R-PR-C$\+V9O;G0^#0H@



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR


M13H@

M;65N='
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


2PY
S`L.3DQ/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR+#`V-PS
M-#4\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@

M5')A;G-P;W)T871I;VX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO
M9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M





M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


S8P+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@




M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M/3-$




24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-RPX
S0L.#DT/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G5$58

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


Q



M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SY
97-S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I
M871I;VX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M('=I9'1H/3-$


M



T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

S$Y+#(U
M
#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B



M(`@(!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+!N970\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]



]

C`Q


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^

24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

24Y%($]&
M($-2141)5!!3D0@3$].1RU415)-($1%0E0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(#PO

1494.B`P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(&]F($-R961I=#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`\+V1I

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY!=`T*(`-
MB`@(`@($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X+`R





@-3`E(&]F#0H@#0H@(`@(!E;&EG:6)L











3
-



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M($1)4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M=&EO;G
N)B
Q-C`[)B


M+`T*(`T*(`@(`@
C`Q
RX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(#PO9&EV/CQB


M
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4











#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


1494




T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M($1)4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q





@:6X@9F%C:6QI=&EE



@870@



@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F('!R
M961E=&5R;6EN960@8F%S92!L979E;'
N/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]D

M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P



@96YD:6YG
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X(&]R(#(Y.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*

M8VEN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0X







T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS

#`\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$V/]F;VYT
M/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXW.PP
#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*

T1L969T/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M
3@\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+#`P

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X,24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&QE87-E


M:&5N('1H92!#;VUP86YY+6]W;F5D#0H@#0H@(`@(!L;V-A=&EO;B!W87
@


M97(@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G



T0X

T0G8F%C:V=R

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

30\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV.#8L
M,#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-





C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]





M13H@




M4TE:13H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
38E('-T



M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W





M3BU224=(5#H@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$W/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


CDS+#`P
#PO




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)3X-B`@#0H@

M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@




T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&
M1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD:78@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S


M9VX]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@




MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$58

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXX-C(L.#8V/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*



M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q



M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


M/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY
97-S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(!S=6)L96%S92!R96YT86QS/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


#`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*



M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXH
3(U+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@




$9&1D8[)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


C`L
SDY/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+#8Y
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q





Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXW
C8L
C8U/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXW

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXT.#
L-S
Y/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T

'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W



@96YD:6YG($9E8G)U87)Y



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I
M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$U/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
3
L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X-B`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`-B`@

M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L
M;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)3X-

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3@\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


#`\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M



C@@;W(@
CDZ/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$T/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&
M1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD:78@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

2PP


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

@9F]R('1H92!T:')E92!Y

M

!W:61T:#TS1#DU)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M4TE:13H@


T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

C`Q


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M
B!V86QI9VX]

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



M




P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

C8\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#8L.#0T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.




3!P

@


@9F]R(&-H;V-O;&%T92!A;F0@8V5R
M=&%I;@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(&YU='
N)B
Q-C`[)B







@=6YA8FQE('1O#0H@#0H@(`@(!R96YE9V]T:6%T92!T
M:&4@=&5R;7
@;V8@=&AE(&-O;G1R86-T+B8C
38P.R8C



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR



M;7!A;GD@:7




M#0H@(`@(!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@




M







M97


]
M

]

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/

65A<G,-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0P(&-E

!W:61T:#TS1#@P)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M13H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&

3
\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@

Q


M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


B!V86QI9VX]




M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


24=.




'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@.7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B

'!T)R!A



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR+#`Y


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-

2PQ
C@L

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-





M=&4\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q



M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


M/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@






T1L

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXR+#


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@




24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*

M1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@







M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q





M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R

M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C



M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3






M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@





Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-

3
E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

T0G3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L
M;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#(S



T1L

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

#DX+#(Q.#PO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M


M1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@





M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#DP)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

3!P=#L@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9



B!V86QI9VX]






M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

P


M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
3AP=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


S0N
#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-XP
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXE/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&




M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U-24^

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W



Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%









$9&1D8[)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-34E
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M.#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/@T*(`@

M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+C4\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C(\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U-24^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
3AP


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!R96QA=&5D


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/@T*(`@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\





M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B4\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


S0N.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[52U3=VER;P@26YC+B!A
M;F0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=VEL;`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@8V]N=&EN=64@=&\@

@9F]R(&5A8V@-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(!E;G1I='DN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[52U3=VER;P@26YC+B!H
M87,@82!H:7-T;W)Y(&]F(&YE=!L;W-S97
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!A;F0@

X
C$W.W
@=&%X86)L92!I;F-O;64@

C8X
M+#`P

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@,C`Q,RXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M&:6YA;&QY+!T:&4@0V]M

M;B!



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


C@@;W(@
CD@87)E#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@87



!W:61T
M:#TS1#@U)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


M3BU




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

3
E/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR
M-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

3(N-W!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

M/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M;&]W86YC90T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

PP,S`\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,38L,3,V/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Y

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM


M97
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%






3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY!8V-R=65D#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR


M13H@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-38L-S,X
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT



M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M;&4]
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@.7!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXW
2PX-C@\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU


M5#H@
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

3$U+#DV
SPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F


M.7!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4L

-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS




M(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0W
4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E('-T



M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@



M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E('-T

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-


M='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M5#H@

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(&%N9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E('-T




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P

M/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@





M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

M;&EA8FEL:71Y/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B@Q+#$V
2PS
CD\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M
$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV,C@L-C,S/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E('-T



M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M86QI9VX]


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97



M5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS

M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M
SDW+#8X
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/BD\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M='
@:7

L



@87
@;V8-


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
&5S(&)Y#0H@(`-B`@(`@(')E8V]G;FEZ



M86P@;65R:71S(&]F('1H92!P;W-I=&EO;BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@

M;65N='



#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@87!P




















MB`@(`@($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X(&]R(#(Y+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+CPO9F]N

M($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

C@L(#(P
3
L


@;V8@9FEL:6YG(&9E9&5R86P@:6YC
M;VUE#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&%X+B8C
38P.R8C

M9FEL97


C`Q
M
R!5+5-W:7)L+`T*(`-B`@(`@($EN8RX@:&%D(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9G5L
M;!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE#0H@#0H@(`@
M(!R96%L:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!I='

M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@







3


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


X
BP@=&\@8F4@87!P


M
S@P+#`P





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R83=D-F$S8C1D



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



C@L
M(#(P
3






'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4-B`@

M;F0@;V8@)#`N

M($IU;F4@
3`L(#(P

C`Q
2P@1&5C96UB97(@
M.2P@
C`Q

3$L($YO=F5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$Q(&%N9!-
M87)C:`R+`R
2!C87-H(&1I=FED96YD(&]F#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`D
XQ,2!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&]N($IU;F4@.P@
C`Q
BP@


C0L(#(P

P@,C`Q,@T*(`-B`@(`@(&%N9!-87)C:`Q

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4



M+`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@8V%P:71A;!R97%U:7)E;65N='


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

M86X]

#$S




]

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M



M3E0M4TE:13H@





BPY

C`L
M


M
3
L

@879A:6QA8FQE(&9O




M97(@=&AE(%!L86XN/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`\+V1I=CX\8G(O/CQD:78@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M($1)4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M('1H928C
38P.R8C
38P.S(P
#0@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N(%!L86X@*'1H92`F
M(S@R
C`[

X
C$W.W


M97

@=&AA;B!M87)K970@=F%L=64@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8-



#LF(S$V
#LR-3@L
#`Y#0H@#0H@(`@(!A
M;F0@
3(L.3



C@L(#(P
3
N($]N($9E8G)U



M9&5R('1H97-E#0H@(`-B`@(`@('!L86YS('=I;&P@97AP:7)E+!I9B!N

M





M(`@=&AE;B!E;F1E9!W87
@87


M/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M/CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(`@(`@(`@(#(X(&]R(#(Y.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M5#H@

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


B!V86QI9VX]


M



M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@


C`Q


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

B!V86QI
M9VX]




T1B;W1T







05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN

M;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A




M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS

#@X/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q





M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q




M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*




M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
BPY
S8\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-




M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E('-T




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH-BPT-C@\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T1J

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,30L
M.34R/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@



M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^#0H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C
P-RPP.#@\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

M/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M



M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9


M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY796EG:'1E9`T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(!A=F5R86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,2XQ-SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXY+C@S/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM


M/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+CDT/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

Q-C`[
RXS-CPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C




M8VEN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*

3`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

T1C

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;F1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I
M=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



M8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

3
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

3(\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR
M-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*

$9&1D8[
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXQ
#$L.3@P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-#$L
M
C8P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M



M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
CDL
C@P/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U.4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.





M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q





M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


S`P/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


P
#PO
M9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

6QE


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
S(L
S(P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE




#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R

M3BU



M87)Y(#(X#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(&]R(#(Y.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M
#
P/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


3`Q+#DX
#PO
M9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


30Q+#(V



Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M

#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E('-T

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-



T0G3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L
M;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M(`@(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E/]F;VYT/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;&4]

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXY+C(R/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/CDN



M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494




M(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*

M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@




1494


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97




T0Y






T1C96YT

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q



T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


M13H@

M8FQE/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR
M-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W





M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2


M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-CDL
C@T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U
B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO
M8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



24=.

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
M



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M#0H@(`@(!#;VUP86YY(&-L87-S:69I97


MB`@(`@($9R86YC:&ES:6YG+!-86YU9F%C='5R:6YG+!2971A:6P@4W1O



#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@86-C;W5N=&EN9PT*(`-B`@

2!T;PT*







38P.R8C

M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M%86-H('-E9VUE;G0@:7




63H@
M=&EM97

M

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`R,#$S/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-




T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T1C96YT

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SY2971A:6P\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D
M:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT



T1B

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M($EN8RX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR
M-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@






M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV
M+#`T-RPP




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$




T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

SDU+#@P-3PO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



M



S0E
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

3$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;&4]


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


#@U+#(Q
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4




05DZ(&)L;V-K
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY2979E;G5E#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

#

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

T0G


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

V-BPT
#$\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU
#4L.34V/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

S8L
S$U
M+#(P

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE




M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

C`L
M-#0V/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXH-PQ.3(L-S`W/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C$L
S`R+#`Y-#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,PU


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#
P-2PP
#8\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@






T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
RPX
S
L



M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
3X-B`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V




M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

30V+#$V




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

38P.S
Y+#`R.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M
38P.S(Y
PP-S8\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&60T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L






M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M;&4]
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97


\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-BPY,3,L,S$X/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

C8\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S='EL93TS



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

C@V+#0R-CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R

M;&4]
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


C
L
M-#



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[-2PT
S@L.3$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@


M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.RT\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

S0L-C(V+#@Y

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#

T0G3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO
M8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


S
\+V9O;G0^#0H@



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
RPP-S8L


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
3AP=#L@34%2

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY4

24^

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-


M
#0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S-4^#0H@(`@


05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY#87!I=&%L#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!E

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXQ
BPW
3
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#@\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@






M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,S0E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-

M:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU.2PY

M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[
30Q+#4S-3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@



M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



M:61T:#TS1#

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;&4]


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#

T0G3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S='EL


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%









T1J



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S


L.#DR
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

C
L.#
W+#$P.#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V





T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S-4^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@





M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,S0E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I



M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXI/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%





M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M97)N86P@8W5S=&]M97)S/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

RPX.3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T







M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV+#(R
M-RPS-C8\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@



M4TE:13H@


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,BPW-S8L-S@R/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@



M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S


2PT.#8L-SDY
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

2PP

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#87!I=&%L#0H@(`@(`T*


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#4Q.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


2PQ
M-C8L
S$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#8R

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO




M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-#
L
C
Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV-S`L,S(Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SY2979E;G5E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@9G)O;2!O;F4@8W5S=&]M97(@;V8@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R




C`Q


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U
M7S0P



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M


]

M($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@



C@@;W(@
M

63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P


M.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B

M8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

M;CTS1#(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G


Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

BPS
S$L.#(P/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U.4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY!8V-R=65D#0H@

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


C8P+#0T
3PO
M9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C


M(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M-C8W+#4S
CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M.7!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@34%2


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR+#0Q
SPO9F]N=#X-

Q


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U.4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@.7!T.R!-

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


@86YD#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@86-C;W5N='

24^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M

#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


L
3DX/]F;VYT/@T*(`@





M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


T0G4$%$1$E.1RU

1494



M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SYL:6YG#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!I

N/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS

M

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M.7!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@#0H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q



M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E('-T



M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


]
T1R93X-


M86QI9VX]

04X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@/]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV

'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))


#$H




M9B!T:&4@96UP;&]Y964F(S@R

2XU)2!O9B!T:&4@96UP;&]Y964F(S@R
M

38P.R8C



C@-B`@(`-B`@(`@(&]R
M(#(Y+`R,#$S+`R


M+#`P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

B`M(%-U;6UA


3(@

C@L(#(P
3




M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

3(@)B
X
C$Q.R!354U-05))6D5$(%%5
M05)415)

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@


63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY&



M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*


M13H@



M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@




M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)
M3BU

'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@






M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M



M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V




M


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M-3@L
3DS/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


CDL.#
W/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T





M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXS-BPS
34L


M





05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#`V.PS.3`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W<F%P/3-$;F]W<F%P('9A;&EG


M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M-34X+#0Y
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S='EL93TS

3$L
3@X+#DR
SPO9F]N


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@



M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

#8R+#
R.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXX,C@L-S@R
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXH-3`Y+#0X-#PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL


M(T


M;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%



T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXN,C0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T


M4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
3AP=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY$:6QU=&5D#0H@

M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M+C$W/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN
3



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@




24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T








M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97



M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/@T*


M4TE:13H@


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@




M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!
M4D=)3BU


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M:7)D/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@




C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&;W5R=&@\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@




C4[(%1%6%0M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@



M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V






M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
3AP


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

W+#DR-#PO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M.#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

RPR-S`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@



M=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y


M

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


RPQ
M
CDL
3$V/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@




24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

T0G3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@
M8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/CDQ.2PV-3D\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

S$Y+#@U
M
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X-B`@(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M9W

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE




T1L

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M+C8S/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)


MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXN
34\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


M/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXN,C$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

CPO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S


S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
M
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



]
T1T:#Y&96(N(#(X


]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M($1)4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.3U1%#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`Q
M
R`F(S@R
3$[($=/3T1724Q


M4TE:13H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(R)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$S/]F;VYT

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(R)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$R/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY!



M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY'



M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A

T1C96YT97(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY!8V-U;75L871E
M9`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SY);G1A;F=I8FQE#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@87-S971S('-U8FIE

M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-

M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#0P)2!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.

T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

38P.PT*



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE('-T


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#4L
30R/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#`L-#0U/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M


$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

'!T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@.7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-


MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E

M($U!4D=)3BU


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
C`L.#
P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,C`L
M.#,P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@



M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
C`L.#
P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,C`L.#,P
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G4$%$1$E.
M1RU


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY0

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!S='EL93TS

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,#PO9F]N=#X-B`-

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S


P+#DW
SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S='EL

P+#DW
SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@





T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C$P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#

M15A4+4%

#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M-3@P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

38P



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

S(P
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

38P.PT*



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!S='EL93TS

24=.

#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B

T0G5$58

Q-C`[#0H@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-



M871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C

#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T

M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2



M(!S96=M96YT+3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0T)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@




M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P
M)2!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M15A4+4%




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

#(P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@


'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@.7!T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0T)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S='EL93TS

M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR.34L
#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@



M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXR.34L
#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$





#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P



M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXR.34L
#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXR.34L
#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@





#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D<M3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@.7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO
M8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#



M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,PP
M
#`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M






'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T




M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($=O;V1W:6QL/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV-C(L
S@T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M

Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

38P.PT*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S='EL


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

24^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M




T1J

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



38P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

38P

38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@




38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


M3E0M4TE:13H@


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$





#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


BPT.#8L-C0X/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#0Q-RPU
M.3


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.PS,38L(0T
RPW-#0L#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&%N9`D-C


C@@;W(@
CDL#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`R
#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

C`Q
M
R`D-C

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

S83AA-V1E
M7S(V







]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



T1T


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY.3U1%#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`Q-`F(S@R


T1J=7-T

#M.97=C;R8C.#(R

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!T



@87-S971S(&EN($%
62!T;R!5

4-B`@(`-B`@


M=&EO;G


M
#LF(S$V

3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXS

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
24^#0H@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M
C@L




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





#`\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M(&]F(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@




M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#LQ.#4L-#$T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

$9&1D8[
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#`\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@


M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@


M;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV
S4L
38X/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*


S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A-V0V83-B



]
T1R


T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^



M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M62!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E
\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@/]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV

M+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.



M:71H(&$@;65M8F5R(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@9&ER96-T

@='=O($%


@86YD('1H92!$979E;&]P


1494



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


C@L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY


BPP


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@



N)B
Q-C`[)B


M97

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&AE(&9U='5R92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V



@;F\@





'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))


















M=F5N='



]

M3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M='


M
38P.R8C











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T1T;W`^



M86QI9VX]

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY.3U1%#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`Q-R`F(S@R
M,3$[($%#455)4TE424].($]&(%4M4U=)4DPL($E.0RX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T




38P.R8C


3$
@*&-O;&QE8W1I


3$
N)B
Q-C`[)B

X
C(P.V-R:71I8V%L(&UA

F(S@R


'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))




@=&AE#0H@(`-B`@


'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))


T0X



T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L


M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

2PW-C
L
M


3!P=#L@1D].



M9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@



M3&EA8FEL:71I97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]




M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXH-C8T+#8Q,CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M13H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V
#M4;W1A


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M.B!N;W)M86PG/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@




Z/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]





T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXS
2PY
3
\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@


P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

24=..B!L


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9





M;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M86PG/B8C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M+#8Q
BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M=!V86QU960@;V8@52U3=VER;P@26YC+B!S=&]C:PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$58




M;G1E9!C87-H(&9L;W=S+B8C,38P.R8C,38P.U1H90T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@



M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


38P.R8C
38P.TEN(&5X8VAA;F=E(&9O


M+BD@:6X@=&AE#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#DP
PP,#`L
M('=H:6-H(&%R92!E;&EM:6YA=&5D(&]N#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(!C;VYS;VQI
M9&%T:6]N+B8C
38P.R8C



T1J


X
C$W.W


30L(#(P
3
@86YD($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X
M+`R,#$S(&]F#0H@#0H@(`@(`D*#,R,PT-#8I+CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?

C4N:'1M






]


C`Q
SQB

]



M5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY30TA%1%5,10T*(`@


M:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M
B!V86QI9VX]

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



M86QI9VX]



Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@




T1B

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@



M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P




M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M







M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



M/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS
3@L-38S
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T.4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q

T0G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG






T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M(`@(`@(`@($5N9&5D($9E8G)U87)Y(#(Y+`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$
M25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$





M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@




05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$









T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T.4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY6
M86QU871I;VX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@06-C
M;W5N=',@86YD($YO=&5S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


SDP+#



M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q

T0G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-3(L,#`P/]F;VYT/@T*



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-





M

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

T0G5$58

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


Q



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q

T0G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@



T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS





M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@



24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E/@T*(`-B`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ

M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

Y

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U

C8N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M:6-I97



]
T1T:#Y&96(N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



1494



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



96%F)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[66]G=7)T+!,3$,-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M86YD(&ET)B
X
C$W.W


M
#M#;VUP86YY)B
X
C(Q.RDN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[06QL#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

@:&%V

M9VX]




L($-A;F%D82P@2F%P

N(%)-



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

0R`H)B
X
C(P.T%
M628C.#(R



M+`T*(`T*(`@(`@3$Q#(&]N($]C=&]B97(@
30L(#(P
3`N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q

M:6P@=6YI='

#$S('1H92!#;VUP


M=&EO;G


M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B


#$S

3$
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`H)B
X
C(P.TYE=V-O)B
X
C(Q.RDL(&$@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D('-U8G-I

MB`@(`@(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!A9W)E96UE;G0@=&\@86-Q=6ER92!S
M=6)S=&%N=&EA;&QY(&%L;!O9B!T:&4-B`@(`T*(`@(`@9G)A;F-H:7-E

M;F%L+`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@($Q
0R`H8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY+`F(S@R,C`[
M66]G=7)T:6YI)B,X,C(Q.RDL('=H:6-H(&%R92!T:&4-B`@(`T*(`@(`@




C`Q



M=VER;P@26YC+BP@80T*(`@(`-B`@(`@('!U8FQI8VQY('1R861E9!C


M:7)L+`T*(`T*(`@(`@26YC+B8C
38P.R8C

M:7


#LF(S$V
#M5+5-W:7)L(&QA=6YC:&5D


R
S

@8V%F)B
R
S



X
C(P.UEO9W5R=&EN:28C.#(R




T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY.R!T:&4@8V]L;&5C=&EO;B!O9B!I;FET:6%L(&9R86YC




M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

M='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97


M(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


B!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P

'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@

T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4
M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2




05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@




M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@



M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-



T1L969T('9A;&EG


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

2UO=VYE9`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S=&]R97,\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$<FEG:'0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E/@T*(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#




M('=I9'1H/3-$



M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
C


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#
V



M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS






M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@



T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C



M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S-G!T)SX\+V9O;G0^0V]L9`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


M/3-$

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U,B4^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M(`@(`@(`@66]G=7)T*3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O




M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)
M3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


T0G34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#

M(`@(`@(`@(!S=&]R97

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXQ


T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M86QI9VX]



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3


M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M
B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!
M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C0R-CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=&AE(&%C=&EV:71I97







30L(#(P
3

@86YD(&QI

M(`@8F5E;B!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!T:&5S92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC
M:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@)#$L.34Q+#`Y

L(0Y-#4L-38Y#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@86YD(&$@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN
M9R!L;W-S(&]F(0S



]

]
M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY#87-H
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@17%U:79A;&5N='

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P










M(`-B`@(`@('1O(&MN;W=N(&%M;W5N=',@;V8@8V%S:XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M


C`Q


#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@0V]M
2!M;VYI=&]R<R!I='
-B`@(`-B`@(`@('!O

M(&ET(&EN=F5S='




C@L(#(P
3


T1T;W`^4F5C96EV
M86)L97

M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2




T1J






@87)E('-E8W5R960@8GD@







@;V8-



@8GD@=VAI8V@@=&AE($-O





@86YD#0H@


@86-C;W5N
M='

@



M;B!T:&4@9G5T=7)E+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T%T($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X+`R,#$S
M+!T:&4-B`-B`@(`@($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(0W
30L
C(R(&]F(&YO=&5S



M;F]T97





M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


1494.B`P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97






@;V8@:71E;7
@:&5L9!I;@T*(`-B`@(`@(&EN


M970@=F%L=64N)B
Q-C`[)B

M8F%S:7

M;G1I86PN)B
Q-C`[)B



]



M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M(`@(`@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@3W1H97(@07-S971S/]F;VYT/@T*

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#`N.7!T)R!A;&EG;CTS




M;65N='

M





]
M



M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S+!';V]D=VEL;P@
M4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@


M1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@



@=&AE#0H@

@1G)A;F-H



M=6%L;'D@;W(@87


M
2!P97)F;W)M<R!A

M(`@(`@8F%S:7


-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!I;F1I8V%T92!T:&%T('1H

M:7









]


T1J=7-T:69Y

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM






M87)Y(#$T+`R,#$S+!T:&4-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R


*2P@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R(&$@-C`E(&-O;G1R






M($QE868@66]G=7)T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@;&]C871I;VYS+CPO9F]N=#X\



M3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


F(S@R


F(S@R






@=&AA=!I=',-B`-


M97





24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR


24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

@=&\@9G)A
M;F-H:7-E97


#LF(S$V
M

@

M97



M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q







M3BU



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%







T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@


\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@

M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%



M(`T*(`@(`@*#$E*2!O9B!T:&4@4F]C:WD@36]U;G1A:6X@0VAO8V]L871E




Q-C`[
M)B


F(S@R


MB`@(`@(')E8V]G;FEZ97





L(%!O;&EC


M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P






M;W5N=&EN9PT*(`-B`@(`@('!R:6YC:7!L97,@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P
M=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@06UE


L(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F


]



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P


3
E

3
N
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R




]


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!=`T*(`-B`@(`@($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X




T1J=7-T:69Y




1494



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M=W


C0L.38R(&%N9`D,3$L,3DU+!R97-P
M96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T

'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4


T0G1$E34$Q!




C`Q





M(S$V
#LF(S$V

M)#
X
2PT
S


M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@)#0P-PU-C

M)T1)4U!




C@R+#DW.2P@=VAI8V@@
M:7


M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3
L('1H92!#;VUP





3(N($EN(&-O;FYE
F5D
M(0S-RPR


3
@86YD(#(P
M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9




05DZ(&EN;&EN

C`Q




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V('9A

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/D9E8G)U87)Y#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C@L(&]R(#(Y/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!V86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]



P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T





M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]F

M3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D=)3BU224=(5#H@




M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-

30E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


M(`@(`@(`@(!L:69E(&]F(&]P=&EO;G

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SYN+V$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$







M1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@

M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY87-I8PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@



3
L(#(P
3(-B`-B`@(`@
M(&%N9`R
#$Q+`Q,#$L-C8Q+`Q





-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/'-P86X^



M9VX]

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q




M(0R,S,L-S,Q+`D
C
U+#(X


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE)SXR
M




M
C`Q

]


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR



M


M86P@:6YS=')U;65N='




]



T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


3(M
#(L($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S

@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@:70@
M:7

U
TS,P@26YT86YG:6)L97
M1V]O9'=I
M;&P@86YD($]T:&5R+4=E;F5R86P@26YT86YG:6)L97


M9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@:7




M;G0@=&5S='


#$T+B8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!A9&]P=&EO;@T*(`T*(`@(`@:7

M=&5D('1O(&AA=F4@86X@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
-



'0O:'1M




I

]




T0Y


M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&

M86QI9VX]



M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V


M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T1N





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%


1494

M(`@(!S=&]R97


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M86QI9VX]





M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,C,\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I

M9VX]

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


T0G34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#


M(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@




M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV-CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@




T1L969T('9A

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97


X
M

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU-SPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@





M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@
M8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY5+5-W:7)L+`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(!);F

M96X@3&5A9@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@66]G=7)T*3PO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3




M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U,B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M
3



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S




T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-


M;G0@:60]

1494.B`S-G!T)SX\

M

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U,B4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



L(%9A;'5A=&EO


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

T1C96YT97(^

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


M13H@


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS+C@W/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@


M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M9'1H/3-$-C8E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@



M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




$9&1D8[)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C8E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$T)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-B4^#0H@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^


V$X
M83=D95\R-C`U7S0P






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



]
T1T:#Y&





!W:61T:#TS1#@P
M)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


B!V
M86QI9VX]



T1B





M
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.


C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
B4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M97
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$





BPT.#0L-SDV/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8R)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD:78@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M($1)4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#4Y
PY-C8\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M13H@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


3$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-

38E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@:6YV96YT;W)I97
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


S-A
M.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A





^+RH@1&\@


$5!




]




M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I
M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@


M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

RPV
M
3@\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


#`U/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C$L
#(T+#(V
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL


M(T


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY

M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#DS


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M






M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]




05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P



T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T






M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M9VX]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G5$58

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,PW

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

3DL

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(@


M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D




M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E
M7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

O4VAE970S






M;6UI=&UE;G1S($%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(A486)L97


]



@9F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
M96%S97



M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#@P)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

3!P=#L@


P1D9&1CLG/@T*

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M



3DT+#`P
#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$V/]F;VYT
M/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXW.PP,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

X
M+#`P

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T0G8F%C


T1L969T/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[
M($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV.3
L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T


!W
M:61T:#TS1#@P)2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C


M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#`\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$U/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@

P1D9&1CLG

M;&4]

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

3$V+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@


C`Q-SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]



3(Q+#`P
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/




M($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@




M


3!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$T/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&
M1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD:78@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

2PP


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@1G5T=7)E(%-U8FQE

]




3!P=#L@1D].




C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

#`\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXR
#$V/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G5$58




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR.3
L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@



M(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*

M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

24^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

BPP

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M1#(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N

M3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D=)3BU224=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

3(\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!
M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL




T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

PY-C(\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@('-U8FQE87-E(')E;G1A
M;',\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q




05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

C4L


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


2PV


M


T0G8F%C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U.4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@


M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR



M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO





T1L

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

W-SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M



B!V86QI9VX]


3!P




M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-


M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
M

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@




P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





C8\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#8L.#0T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO=&%B


M
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



M9VX]



T0X



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#4N-7!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S

C`Q
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@



M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1C96YT

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

3$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-

$9&
M1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T1J=7-T:69Y

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)


M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-



M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q



M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O




M=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#`Y,PY


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M-C4P+#4U
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@.7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@


3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

#(V/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T1J

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q





T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

S`Q+#@W
M
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@

P1D9&1CLG
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U,B4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@


M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O






T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&



M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M.2PY

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
C
L-#(T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU

M3BU
3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

#
\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL


M(T

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P


M:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-

30T+#4V

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M-S
S+#@W-3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


BPP
S4L-S0V/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O










T0Y


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

3(\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R('-T

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS
M-XP/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]F


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

M(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXE/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

#PO9F]N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL



T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`@(`-

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXH


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXE*3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W





Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M




M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4U)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QD

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M:&5R/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


XR/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-

3(E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXE/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E('-T



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL


T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M+!);F,N($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!L;W-S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T



M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO




M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY%9F9E8W1I=F4-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(%)A=&4\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


M13H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS-XT/]F;VYT/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



]
T1T97AT/CQT

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
4^#0H@(`@

M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%


M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*


M
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I
M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@



T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#EP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@

M;F-E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N=',@
M86YD(&YO=&5S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


3


M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ

M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
4^#0H@(`@#0H@

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C

#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^


M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%




M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(!D97-I9VX@8V]S=',\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@




M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D



M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@34%21TE.+5))

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S


M(S$V


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS.#`L
S@S/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

X
PS
M.#,\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


24=..B!L969T

M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXW-3,L,38R/]F;VYT

M

M(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!487@@3&EA8FEL:71I97,\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



#L-B`@(`T*(`@
6QE
M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
2PP-SDL
#`T/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT



M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M86QI9VX]



\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I
M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T



M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH.#(L
S(U/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXH.3DL-C`U/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M
38Q+#
R.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/BD\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
M
4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!S

M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0W

M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#=7)R96YT#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T


S

24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/@T*(`-B`@

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T





T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH






S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U






]




M
C@L(#(P
3




T0P


T0G1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M


3`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M
T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)


M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T1L969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



M8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




M



M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`P



T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

S`W+#`X.#PO9F]N=#X-



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

S0Q+#@Y






T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M
CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\




M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
C$L
3DQ/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@





M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M/3-$)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#86YC96QL960O9F]R9F5I
M=&5D/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
BPV
C4\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

#0\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X-B`@(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR-S`L.30U/]F;VYT

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS

#@X/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-#$L
M.#DP/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$58

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


Q




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

M/3-$


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/

3X-B`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E('-T



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A




M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@

L(&)Y($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E

M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Y


M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


3!P

M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9&EV

'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))



M(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$58


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY7


M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY796EG:'1E9`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!A
M=F5R86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M/3-$
3

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M-RXT
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E

T1L969T
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M)#(P+C4W
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
#$L-C8Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E('-T



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q





]








T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(X(&]R(#(Y.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


M

38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


M

38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M
B!V86QI9VX]

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



M


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/




38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

M/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

2PR-C`\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W



M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M

M(-#,$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M

M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M*#0T+#$Y
#PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@



M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH-#
L
S`P/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G



M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

BPS
C`\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M


M4TE:13H@


M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$58


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!N;VXM=F5S

@87

C@-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@;W(@
CDZ/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU-RPP
S`\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
#$L.3@P/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-#$L
C8P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U.4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G

38P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



$9&1D8[)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W



Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY7

I/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+C$T/]F;VYT/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P



Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W
M9#9A

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]

C`Q


]


M


T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&

M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
3X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&60T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!V86QI9VX]



M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@


M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
M

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

T1C96YT97(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY5+5-W:7)L+`T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(!);F,N/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M;&4]
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97


\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU+#
Y-2PX
#4\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXU
#4L.34V/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

X+#0P



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#

T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
BPP.#4L
C$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;&4]


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S-4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS





M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

#0W+#`S.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR-PS-C8L



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU+#
Y-2PX



M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

V+#
Q-2PR

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

T1J


M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXV+#@U
RPS-C`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


M3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-



M;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M
2PS
#4L

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

L-#0V+#
Q.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

C
L.#
S+#DT-3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]





24^

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S='EL

CDP+#
S
#PO9F]N
M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4


24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

BPX-S$\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@


M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97



T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#LS.2PP,CD\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#LR.3`L

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#LS.#,L-34P/]F;VYT

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#LW


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V





M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@






M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T

M24=(5#H@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(P,3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M-2PT

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


S8L.3$S+#


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



M:61T:#TS1#

T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97


M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,BPR.#8L-#(V/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T





M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
T)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY2979E


M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



24=..B!L969T

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.S4L-#
X+#DQ
3PO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

24=..B!L

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

T0G


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

T+#8R-BPX.3(\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL


M(T



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S


#0L
S
S
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

T+#8Q.3PO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

S@L


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU+#(Q
BPT-38\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

$9&1D8[)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
S0E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C

'!T)R!A;&EG



M(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]





M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR-#
L.#$P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#(V,PV
S@\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]




24^

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

Q-C`[
M
C4U+#4W-3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M-C$\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S-4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*





05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY&60T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*

P1D9&

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(')E=F5N=65S/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D
M:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C4L-S@S+#@Y
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


RPW
38L-3$Q/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


S
L
S
W+#4Q
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




24^

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
T)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%





M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#
6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C
L-S$V+#4Q
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#LM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S='EL


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

Q
M+#$R-RPY-S$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]



S8V/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,PW
S$L


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

C`R+#8S
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,2PT-3@L.#`W/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T

M24=(5#H@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M-C4\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38V+#
Q
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S='EL

C(U+#
Q
#PO9F]N
M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T1J=7-T:69Y

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS-#`L-34R/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#LQ,#@L-#,W/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q



M

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%



M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!S


R
3PO
M9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@




'0O:'1M;#L@





]


C`Q

]



M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L

M
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P



M(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T



24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;&4]
T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

M4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR
M-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@


M9#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

S
Q
M+#@R
#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L
M969T/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@



24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXR
#DL
#(X/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

34V+#(P
M-3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U.4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*


24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@


T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M.7!T.R!$25-03$%9

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY$:79I9&5N9`T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(!P87EA8FQE/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
6QE/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@


24=..B!L969T


T0G3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M.7!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY&86ER#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=F%B;&4Z/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
1494


M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q.'!T.R!-05)'24XM

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@87-S971S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L



M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U.4^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C

#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.;VXM0V%S:`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!)

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS








M26YC+CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*



M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\


T1L969T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


3
P+#0X





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T

M7S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A-V0V83-B-&1D-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]
T1R93X-

M




M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S




M9VX]



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!V86QI9VX]


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T







M4U!
05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&;W5R=&@\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@




M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ
M(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V






M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@




T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT




M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(')E=F5N=64\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M/3-$


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F





T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$






M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

S8L
S$U+#(P
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M+#4V.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V




M/3-$

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X-B`@(`-

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@


T0G


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/







M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN
30\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*



M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/BD\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I

M13H@

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO



24=.

M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%







M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M($U!4D=)3BU224=(5#H@


3!P

@*&QO


M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@




24=..B!L969T)SX-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T





M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@


M/3-$



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T86)L93X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I



T0G
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M86XG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q.!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/




M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`T*(`@


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M
B!V86QI9VX]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@
M1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M5#H@

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SY&;W5R=&@\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY4;W1A


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$R/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-0

M3E0M4TE:13H@


B!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4^#0H@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(')E
M=F5N=64\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$





M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G5$58

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


S0L
M-C(V+#@Y
CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4^#0H@


M13H@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@



M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#0S-PP




M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

\+V9O;G0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

T0G5$58

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

2PU-3
\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@


M+4%

M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@


M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

24@


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXS+#@W-BPP
S(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@




M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@



M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

38P.SPO

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN



M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`-B`@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M
2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXN,34\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN
C$\+V9O;G0^#0H@



M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@


S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?





]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\




@
M86YD($=O;V1W:6QL(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T0Q


3!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T
M,4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B

@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97




#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T

M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@






T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97



M;'-P86X]

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/@T*

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

3`E/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU

M9VX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97



24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@

P1D9&1CLG

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU

1494

M)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

PX,S`\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@

T0G


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@9&5S:6=N/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M

M
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXT

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXT

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@




M3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M4D=)3BU224=(5#H@


M96X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!
96%F(%EO9W5R=!$97-I9VX\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

38P.PT*

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S='EL

3DL-S0P/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@


24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#0P)2!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

T0G3$E.12U(
M14E'2%0Z(#$N

05DZ(&)L;V-K

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

38P

38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@

T0G


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

C`\+V9O;G0^#0H@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-

M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



Q-C`[#0H@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@


M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)2!S='EL93TS1=0

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[(%1%

05DZ(&)L;V-K.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S='EL


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D




'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@.7!T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0T)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@



M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#`Y.2PS


M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

2PP.3DL


M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

T0G8F%C:V=R

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T

M5#H@

M4D=)3BU224=(5#H@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M86YC:&ES:6YG#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(&=O;V1W:6QL/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@

M


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M/C(Y-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M-2PP

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S96=M96YT+4=O;V1W:6QL/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L


T0G1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

24=..B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0G1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4


24=..B!L969T


M;&4]
T0G4$%$1$E.1RU



M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!S='EL

C`L
#`P/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M4TE:13H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B

M


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

#PO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU


M24=(5#H@
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-


Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$




MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


#L-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T)SXV-C(L
S@T/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E('-T

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#L-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE('-T

M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%



Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@4FEG:'1S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXX
#`L
#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M


M(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M/3-$)T1)4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-


#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


Q-C`[#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*

#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-#`E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

2PT
3DL
S(Y/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@

24=.
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR




05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M)SXD/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@

T0G


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

SPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R83=D






M/DYO=&4@



]
T1R93X-

M861D:6YG/3-$

M
T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9&EV

'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))


M(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


S



MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.#$E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


P1D9&1CLG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`@#0H@

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXH
M-#0L
#`P/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$



M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
24^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR
M-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V1I=CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9

M4TE:13H@

M=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[
3@U+#0Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
24^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M3BU224=(5#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M4U!
05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,C@L,#`P/]F;VYT

M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,24^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T




T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M=&%L/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




U+#$V.#PO9F]N
M=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@;F]W








M;W1E(#$W(T@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@3V8@52US=VER;P@26YC+B`H5&%B;&5S


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


T1T;W`^4V-H


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

T0G8F%C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
38E('-T



2PW-C
L



M3E0M4TE:13H@

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


3!P=#L@1D].

-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M:78^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@1D].

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M





T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X



05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXH-C8T+#8Q,CPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

$9&1D8[)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M86PG/C
R
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



M93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU

M



05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M.B!N;W)M86PG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS





T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M.B!N;W)M86PG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS



M;&4]
T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M/B8C

T1J=7-T:69Y/@T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M,2XR-3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)
M3BU

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO9&EV/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT

05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M.B!N;W)M86PG/B0\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V)2!S='EL

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$






S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
M
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E
M7S(V

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/DYO=&4@


]
T1T


]


]




C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R.P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/D-O;G-O;&ED

C`Q



C@L
M(#(P
3



#`T(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




M8VL@56YI='
@*%)357
I(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

M97

M87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R.2P@
C`Q



C@L(#(P
3

C`Q



]

M
C`Q


#$R/&)R/E)O8VMY($UO=6YT86EN($-H;V-O;&%T92!&86-T;W)Y(%M-

C`Q


]

C@L(#(P
3$\8G(^07-P96X@3&5A9B!9


]
T1N=6UP/C8P+C`P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71I97


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]































]
M




























]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C8N
M






























]














]


]


]























@3V8@36%J;W(@0W5S=&]M97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



#`L


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


3@L-C


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

















]


]


]


]


]


]


]



M;'5E+!3:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VXL($=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@












2PW


















@:6X@4&5R:6]D+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R





M

































]


]


]


]


]


]
M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#DS

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-RPT

38L























RPW
S$\



P
BPX




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
M

O4VAE970T

M;G1E;G0]


M97)A=&EO;G



M
C`Q

]



M9VX]




]











]









]


]






]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@






]






@+2!$


M86QI9VX]

]







]


]

M=&]R97

]
T1R




]


]


]



]
M








]


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP



M


]








3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]








I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R83=D




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@











N(&9O;V0@


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@:6YV96YT;W)I97

C$L
#


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P





]





C`Q



]



]
T1R93X-





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(T+#(V



M





]
T1N=6UP
M/C
Y


]
M




@86-C









]

S-A.&$W
M9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

O4VAE







3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M8BX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`S


M





I/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1T97AT

]

M


]





]
T1T97AT/CQS





]



]


S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
M
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
M83AA-V1E7S(V


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\

C`Q



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
BPR
#`L



M;G



]






]
T1T

]


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
M

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M96YT86P@4&%Y;65N='

M8BX@
C@L(#(P
3


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@






T1T;W`^




]
T1R;W4^#0H@



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
RPP
M

M=&]P/C(P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
2PP
M

M=&]P/C(P



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

3
S+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

S@L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



'0O:'1M;#L@





M;VYG/DYO=&4@-2`M($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S($%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(A$


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@V+#`P
#QS

]

#QS

]

#QS

]

CDS+#`P
#QS

]

3$Y+#`P
#QS

]

C$R
M+#`P


M(#(L-#DU+#`P





]
M


96%S97

]

C`Q
M

M

]
M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3DP+#DV


]







]


C8L




]

34W+#`P

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$R
2PV



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T
M9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
M




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO





N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP/C8P

]


C(L
M


N(%M-











V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q-RPP




P







]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
30T+#4V
M


S


C



C
S+#0V



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R83=D



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M97


^

C@L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

M;7`^
S0N


S0N

S0N



L(&YE

]
M


BXP


T1T;W`^1&]M97-T:6


]
T1N=6T^








]

]
T1N=6UP/C0N
C`E





S-A.&$W
M9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

O4VAE
M970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]



T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$S-BPT



@86YD


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-BPW



]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#(Q


]






M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S.#`L





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6T^*#$L

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#`U,2PR-#`I/'-P86X^/]S


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$V,2PS,CDI/'-P86X^/]S


T1T


C@L-C



]

]



L



'0O:'1M;#L@


]


M-2P@
C`Q


30L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

]
T1T


C`Q


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!$:79I9&5N9'



]
T1N=6UP/B0@













;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

]

C@L
M(#(P





3DL





M1&YU;7`^




T1T;W`^3F5W;'D@879A










]


]


]


S`P+#`P


]















]



]


]


]










3(L.3








C`L

M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4&QA;B`Q.3DU(A-96UB97(I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]
T1N=6UP/CDW
M


]





]


]




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5!04%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M(&]P=&EO;B!A=V%R9'


]
T1T:#Y&



]
T1N=6UP
M/C
T





BPY





]
T1N=6T^*#0U+#$Q

]
T1R;SX-









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$N






]

@


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S(#$S
M


M=%\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P






SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y&

M/D9E8BX@
C@L(#(P




T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E




]

3DP

M/3-$;G5M/B@S
BPS







#

M1&YU;7`^
3`Q+#DX


]


]



T1T;W`^



S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E
M7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A-V0V83-B-&1D-R]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4U2D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



]

CDL(#(P




M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ('EE87(@-3$@

]

38Y+#(X

]
T1T97AT

]


]




]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&5X97)C

#$L-C8Q





]


V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]
T1P

]



S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
M
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E7S(V
#5?-#`Q95\X83`U7S)A-V0V83-B-&1D-R]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5.3$%)/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



]


C`Q


#$R/&)R

]
T1R93X-



V+#DQ
RPS


S+#
S-RPU

BPP.#4L
M



]
T1N=6UP/C


BPU.#
L

M;7`^-2PY


#DL




]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#@S



M9VX]


]










T1T;W`^

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S4Q+#(V



T1T;W`^4F5V96YU




]

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S

P




]



T1T;W`^5&]T


SDL

3`Q/'-P86X^

M9F%C='5R:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(')E=F5N=65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1R


]
T1N=6T^*#(L


M;VT@97AT97)N86P@8W5S=&]M97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]



M;7`^-BPX-3
L


#0L
S





]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#4Q

M
S@L

M1&YU;7`^
3`L-S

]
M

\+W1D/@T*


T1T




]
M

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S$V+#4Q


]




RPW
38L-3$Q/'-P86X^


]
T1N
M=6T^*#(L
C4Q+#4X



]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L
#
X+#
W

]
T1P





M




M



]



]


]
M

]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-

]
T1R93X-

]
T1T


M


M97(@4V5G;65N='

]
M


M9VX]


]

M



30V+#$V
M




M;7`^


]



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R83=D-F$S



]


]

C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U
M-BPR







]


M='


]

M86QI9VX]






M($%C=&EV:71I97

]


]



C8L


M
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M159%04


]

CDL(#(P


M


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L
M



S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A
M
V(T9&0W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S83AA-V1E
M7S(V




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/DYO=&4@


]
T1T:#Y&

M/D9E8BX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


M9VX]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L
S$U+#(P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
S$L
3(W+#DW


]

]

M-C8L








]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]


C`Q







]


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C@R






3


]

M86QI9VX]





]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S$Y+#@U



T1T;W`^0GD@475A



]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

2PT-S@L

RPX-S8L
#






C`Q



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]


]




M(#`N


M/3-$=&]P/E-E8V]N9!1=6%R=&5R(A-96UB97(I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




C`Q













]
M







]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C@L




@;6%R9VEN(&)E9F]R


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#


T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W
@*&EN($1O;&QA








]


]



]

3`L
CDQ+#
V-SQS

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPQ
M
CDL




]





V$X83=D95\R
M-C`U7S0P

M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]

CDL(#(P



S$V/'-P86X^

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C
U/'-P86X^




V$X83=D95\R
M-C`U7S0P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




M
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]






]

R


]


]
T1N=6UP




]



T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L


M
2PW
#DL


2PW
#DL






]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@P


]



]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]


]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C(V-RPP
C`\

M/D9R86YC:&ES:6YG($=O;V1W:6QL(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




CDU+#`P

]



M
3DW+#8X

]

]
T1R93X-


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y-2PP












]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P



T1T;W`^36EN:6UU
M;2!;365M8F5R72!\(%!A8VMA9VEN9R!







]

@

]


]







]








I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ
M

]
M

]







]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R




]
M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0S

]
M


]
M
T1N=6UP/C0S


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]











]
T1R93X-


]
T1T97AT

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS




C`Q





]

]


]

S4L





M0SHO
S-A.&$W9&5?
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
M
T1T:#Y&96(N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-C

]

]



T1T;W`^4F5S=')U

S


]

]
T1R


]


T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@4F5V96YU92`H365M











@*&EN($1O;&QA









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(X+#`P
M



]


C`Q


M1'1H/D9E8BX@
CDL(#(P


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]






]









@*$1E

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



T1T





#4L

V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P
65?.&$P-5\R





]

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


]




M;F
N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



T1T;W`^4V%L


0R!;365M8F5R





N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]



@06-Q=6ES:71I










S-A.&$W9&5?
M
C8P-5\T
#%E7SAA
#5?
F$W9#9A

O4VAE970W
M




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M
C`Q

]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71I97
@87-S=6UE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]

M



S4Q+#DQ



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
R

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S$L.3$S/'-P


V$X83=D
M95\R-C`U7S0P

M;G1E;G0]

^



]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]

M



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E9A;'5A=&EO;B!!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($%C8V]U;G1S



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y-2PP




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y.2PY



Y


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M
V$X83=D95\R-C`U7S0P



M2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:&5E=#
X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
M

T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_TransportationEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentageRateRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_MaximumDrawsAllowed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_MaximumDrawsAllowed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_ScheduleOfFutureSubleaseRentalPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStores'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FranchiseRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FranchiseCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_OperatingLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_OperatingLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionContingentConsiderationPotentialCashPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercisedNetOfTaxBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_RetainedEarningsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NonControllingInterestInEquityOfSubsidiaryAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromBusinessCombination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestIncreaseFromStockIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_commonstocksharesretired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SegmentProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SegmentProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SegmentProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SegmentProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SegmentProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_SegmentProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_rmcf_CashFlowsFromOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CashFlowsFromInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CashFlowsFromFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxBenefitFromStockOptionsExercised1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CurrentAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_CurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PreferredStock10ParValue250000Authorized0SharesIssuedAndOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PreferredStock10ParValue250000Authorized0SharesIssuedAndOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FairValueOfAssetsReceivedUponSettlementOfNotesAndAccountsReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NonCashInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesAndInterestInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchisingSegmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IndefiniteLivedIntangilbeAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchisingSegmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IndefiniteLivedIntangilbeAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchisingSegmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IndefiniteLivedIntangilbeAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchisingSegmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IndefiniteLivedIntangilbeAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_FranchisingSegmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_IntangibleAssetsSubjectToAmortizationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_InsuranceAndSelfInsuranceReservesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOnPurchaseOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PreferredStockAuthorizedSharesSeriesAJuniorParticipatingstock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_PreferredStockSharesAuthorizedUndesignatedSeries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumbersOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_rmcf_NumberOfStoresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPurchasePriceAllocationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

