

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001721868-19-000564
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20191122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20191122
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880393257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24723
		FILM NUMBER:		191241342
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3416 SHADYBROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			MIDWEST CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-703-4659
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3416 SHADYBROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			MIDWEST CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73110
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAKOOL
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091230
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mod Hospitality
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080926
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSPP HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070122












SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549



x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the

 2018

&#168;
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the
transition period from __________ to __________

Commission
File Number: 00-24723



Fresh
    Promise Foods Inc.

(Exact name of registrant
    as specified in its charter)

&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    

(State
    of Incorporation)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)

    
    
    

3416
                                         Shadybrook Drive
Midwest
        City
 Oklahoma
    
    
        

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  [ ] No
[X]

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes
 [ ] No [X]

Indicate by

Act of 1934 
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  [X] No [ ]

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  [X] No [ ]

Indicate by
check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

    
    


Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.






Large
    accelerated filer
    
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

    
    
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    

    
    
    
    
    


If an emerging
growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ]

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes[  ] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing
price of $0.0002 per share as of June 30
 2018 was approximately $1
750
000&nbsp;.

As of November
11&nbsp;
 2019
 there were 8
638
186
066  shares of registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE







    
    

TABLE OF
CONTENTS





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    






Part I.
Financial Information

Available
Information

Information
about our Company is available from the Company at the address shown on the first page of this Report. We are obligated to file
reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC. These reports include annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports
 each of which is provided on our website after we electronically
file such materials with or furnish them to the SEC. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1.800.SEC.0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains
reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 including
us.

MATTER OF
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THIS
FORM 10-K CONTAINS &quot;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&quot; THAT CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING WORDS SUCH AS
&quot;BELIEVES
&quot; &quot;EXPECTS
&quot; &quot;MAY
&quot; &quot;WILL
&quot; &quot;SHOULD
&quot; OR &quot;ANTICIPATES
&quot;
OR THE NEGATIVE OF THESE WORDS OR OTHER VARIATIONS OF THESE WORDS OR COMPARABLE WORDS
 OR BY DISCUSSIONS OF PLANS OR STRATEGY
THAT INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES. MANAGEMENT WISHES TO CAUTION THE READER THAT THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
INCLUDING
 BUT NOT LIMITED TO
 STATEMENTS REGARDING THE COMPANY&rsquo;S MARKETING PLANS
 GOALS
 COMPETITIVE AND TECHNOLOGY
TRENDS AND OTHER MATTERS THAT ARE NOT HISTORICAL FACTS ARE ONLY PREDICTIONS. NO ASSURANCES CAN BE GIVEN THAT SUCH PREDICTIONS
WILL PROVE CORRECT OR THAT THE ANTICIPATED FUTURE RESULTS WILL BE ACHIEVED. ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY
EITHER BECAUSE ONE OR MORE PREDICTIONS PROVE TO BE ERRONEOUS OR AS A RESULT OF OTHER RISKS FACING THE COMPANY.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SHOULD BE READ IN LIGHT OF THE CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THIS FORM
10-K FOR FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
 INCLUDING
 BUT NOT LIMITED TO &quot;THE FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS&quot;
SHOWN AS ITEM 1A AND IN MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. THE
RISKS INCLUDE
 BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO
 THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH AN EARLY-STAGE COMPANY THAT HAS ONLY A LIMITED HISTORY OF
OPERATIONS
 THE COMPARATIVELY LIMITED FINANCIAL RESOURCES OF THE COMPANY
 THE INTENSE COMPETITION THE COMPANY FACES FROM
OTHER ESTABLISHED COMPETITORS
 TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES THAT MAY LIMIT THE ABILITY OF THE COMPANY TO MARKET AND SELL ITS
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR ADVERSELY IMPACT THE PRICING OF THESE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
 AND MANAGEMENT THAT HAS ONLY
LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN DEVELOPING SYSTEMS AND MANAGEMENT PRACTICES. ANY ONE OR MORE OF THESE OR OTHER RISKS COULD CAUSE ACTUAL
RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE FUTURE RESULTS INDICATED
 EXPRESSED
 OR IMPLIED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. WE
UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT TO REFLECT EVENTS
 CIRCUMSTANCES
 OR NEW
INFORMATION AFTER THE DATE OF THIS FORM 10-K OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED OR OTHER SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS.&nbsp;


    
    







As used
herein
 the term &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refers to Fresh Promise
Foods
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and subsidiaries unless otherwise noted.



We were originally
incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993. Later we completed several name changes and reorganizations.

In November
1997
 we amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Integrated Carbonics Corp. We also changed our domicile to
the State of Nevada. On July 23
 1999
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Urbana.ca
 Inc. (&ldquo;URBA&rdquo;).

And on April
11
 2003
 we amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to PSPP Holdings
 Inc. and later on August 11
 2008 we again
amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Cynosure Holdings
 Inc.

On August
21
 2008
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Mod Hospitality
 Inc. This was followed by a further
amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on December 16
 2009 wherein we changed our name to Stakool
 Inc.

On June 16
2011
 we entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation (&ldquo;Anthus&rdquo;).
Subsequently and on July 20
 2011
 we and Anthus executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus stockholders received
77
588
470 shares of 79
388
470 shares of our then issued and outstanding common stock together with 10
000
000 shares of our
preferred stock in exchange for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of our common stock (the &ldquo;Anthus
Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;).

Subsequently
the Stakool and Anthus Acquisition Agreement was amended effective January 19
 2012 to allow for the issuance of an additional
2
650
000 shares of our common stock to certain parties to acquire all of the then outstanding common stock of Anthus. As a result
of the Anthus Acquisition Agreement
 Anthus became our wholly owned subsidiary and all of the shares of our preferred stock and
common stock were duly issued and the sum of $355
000 was duly paid in accordance with that agreement.

Anthus was
incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. At the time of the closing of the Anthus Acquisition Agreement
 Anthus was a developer

At the time
 Anthus had one product line in the natural food category and others that it believed could be viable commercial products.



    
    


However
 and
in 2013 following our internal financial evaluations
 we terminated the production of the Anthus products in light of our assessment
of our ability to raise the additional capital needed to market and sell the Anthus products.

On March 15
2013 all of our officers and directors resigned Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed as our President
 Chief Executive Officer
and Director.

While we believe
that our Anthus product line may offer good value to consumers
 we have not undertaken any product or market research to confirm
our assessment. Even if the Anthus product line has strong commercial value
 unless or until we have sufficient additional financial
and managerial resources needed to undertake the anticipated additional market research and the manufacturing
 marketing
 and
promotional efforts that would be required to implement any re-commercialization of the Anthus products
 we may not pursue any
re-commercialization of the Anthus product line. In the event that we are successful in obtaining sufficient additional capital
we may
 if market conditions are favorable
 resume production of one or more of the Anthus products. However
 we cannot assure
you that we will obtain the additional capital that will allow us to undertake these efforts or if we do obtain any additional
capital
 that it can be obtained on reasonable terms and in sufficient amounts that we will be able to implement any such efforts
at any time in the future.

Effective
August 5
 2013
 we completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split with the result that we reduced the number of our issued and outstanding
common shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066(the &ldquo;First Reverse Stock Split&rdquo;). Our consolidated financial
statements reflect the First Reverse Stock Split.

On September
26
 2013
 we amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. The amendment also reduced
the number of authorized shares of our common stock from four billion (4
000
000
000) common shares to four hundred seventy-five
million (475
000
000) common shares.

On May 13
2014
 we further amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of our common stock from four hundred
seventy-five million (475
000
000) common shares to nine hundred seventy-five million (975
000
000) common shares.

On June 2
2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as Chairman of our Board of Directors and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 and our
Board of Directors appointed Scott Martin as a Director and Secretary and Mr. Kevin P. Quirk was appointed Chairman of the Board.

On October
16
 2014
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from nine
hundred seventy-five million (975
000
000) common shares to two billion (2
000
000
000) common shares.

Effective
January 20
 2015
 we effected a 1-for-150 reverse split (the &ldquo;Second Reverse Stock Split&rdquo;) which as preceded by a
filing of an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation that we completed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 30
 2014.

On January
6
 2016
 we entered into that certain Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &ldquo;Quirk Release
Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Quirk Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as our Chief Executive
Officer and Director in exchange for our release of Mr. Quirk from certain liabilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;

On July 12
2016
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the amount of our authorized common stock from billion (2
000
000
000)
common shares to five billion (5
000
000
000) common shares.

On June 27
2017
 we and Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) entered into that certain asset purchase agreement
whereby we acquired certain assets and we assumed certain liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;).
As consideration
 we also agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 we completed the distribution
of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate
the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities
and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

    
    



On August
23
 2017
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from five
billion (5
000
000
000) common shares to nine billion (9
000
000
000) common shares.

On October
13
 2017
 we entered into that certain Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &ldquo;Martin Release
Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Martin Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as our Director in exchange
for our release of Mr. Martin from certain liabilities.

Discontinued
Operations

In light of
our legal proceedings involving certain former management of the Company
 we decided to discontinue our business operations of
our wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with our December
31
 2015 consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. In August 2018
 we executed a definitive agreement to sell
and transfer our equity interest in Harvest Soul.

Our results
of operations related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all years
presented. Unless otherwise indicated
 the following discussions in this section (Item 1. Business) pertain only to our continuing
operations. For additional information see Note 3 &mdash; Discontinued Operations to our consolidated financial statements included
in this Form 10-K.

Current Products
 Potential
Product Categories and Product Extensions

We are a consumer
products company focused on the health and wellness food and beverage sectors. We also are a brand acquisition and holding company.
We offer products that we believe can provide health and wellness solutions that make sense and fit into the everyday lives of
certain consumer segments. While we have limited managerial and financial resources
 we are focused on three strategic areas:
Food Technology
 Consumer Products and Value Added.

We believe
that we are different than many of our competitors in that we may be able to combine innovative technology and product development
with perceptive marketing and sales service strategy. Currently
 we own and operate subsidiaries in green and energy drink markets.
See: www.drinkgiddyup.com.

Intellectual
Property

We have no
patented technology and we do not hold any patents that would otherwise serve to provide us with any protection of our intellectual
property rights. However
 our products are generally formulated utilizing our own proprietary formulations.

Production
Sources of Raw Materials and the Names of Principal Suppliers

While our
sole corporate officer
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr. and our consultants have reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product
market in certain product areas
 our strategy is to establish a product procurement and development program that may allow us
to obtain the assistance of marketing professionals. In all of these efforts we may
 if our financial circumstances and market
conditions allow
 offer us an opportunity to build our business
 create brands through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive
labeling
 and develop potentially key product distribution relationships in selected geographic and certain markets that may offer
us significant opportunities.

Marketing
Strategy

If we can
successfully implement our business strategy
 we seek to have our brand name strongly associated on with high quality products
that attract a strong consumer interest and to focus our efforts on finding and developing complimentary nutritional supplement
products for North America consumer market and beyond.


    
    

GIDDY UP Energy
Products is a wholesale manufacturer engaged in marketing and distribution of carbonated and non-carbonated energy drinks
 shakes
energy bars
 and related products. All of its manufacturing operations are conducted in accordance with GMP guidelines at GMP
Certified and/or FDA registered facilities. The website at www.giddyupenergyproducts.com.

Overall and
if we are able to obtain sufficient additional financial resources on a timely basis and if market conditions allow
 we seek to
become a leader in certain segments of the quality food and beverage business and
 in so doing
 set the standards of excellence
for food manufacturers as well. We are aware that our products will need to meet very high consumer expectations and provide greater
consumer value in an intensely competitive marketplace where other larger and well-established consumer package goods (CPG) manufacturers
have far greater financial
 managerial
 and marketing resources than we have and which we may have in the future. We do not anticipate
that competition in the CPG marketplace will decrease at any time in the future. And to the extent that we are able to implement
our strategy and our product and marketing plans
 there can be no guarantee that we will gain and later sustain any significant
share of the market and do so while also generating profits and positive cash flow. There are many large national and international
CPG companies that have nearly unlimited financial resources
 marketing budgets
 research staff
 and other resources that are
far beyond any that which we currently have and any that we likely will have in the future.

Our limited
in-house product research has led us to believe that there may be a sufficiently large consumer segment that may be attracted
to our products and the perceived health benefits
 product value
 and product taste of our products that may allow us to gain
sufficient product distribution and a retail presence in certain geographic markets.

We believe
that words like &ldquo;natural
&rdquo; &ldquo;clean label
&rdquo; &ldquo;green
&rdquo; &ldquo;eco-friendly&rdquo;
 &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
&ldquo;non-GMO&rdquo; and &ldquo;sustainability&rdquo; are the new marketing buzzwords in today&rsquo;s food and beverage industry.
Products and ingredients bearing these tags have created strong consumer loyalty in certain consumer segments and among significant
purchase influencers. We believe that products offered by the CPG industry that possess natural and naturally derived ingredients
are growing at above-market growth rates and that they offer greater profit potential for food and beverage manufacturers. We
also are aware that over the past two decades consumers have become more health conscious with the result that products that are
marketed with these buzzwords and offer good value to the consumer at an attractive price point attract a loyal segment of the
retail market with repeat consumer purchasing behavior. In that respect
 we believe that many of these consumers also view such
products as a heathier choice than similar products that do not possess these perceived better attributes. Some CPG marketers
have also said that such products also promote the consumer perception that they offer healthiness-on-the-go and beverages thus
the perceived consumer value proposition is higher compared to products in the same product category that do not offer these attributes.
We have not undertaken any marketing or product research and we have not engaged the services of any independent and professional
marketing research firm to assist us in evaluating or developing any of our assessments and we have no present plans to do so.

We believe
that there is a sizable segment of the CPG consumer market that understands and appreciates the &ldquo;health value&rdquo; offered
by certain products and that they are willing to pay a premium for CPG products that include health ingredients
 which may promote
general health and well- being by preventing certain diseases. This is sometimes referred to as the &ldquo;health and wellness
segment.&rdquo; However
 we believe that the industry also confronts certain challenges in coping with the demand of natural ingredients
used in food and beverage applications
 particularly
 in terms of sustainability.

We
also believe that this &ldquo;health and wellness&rdquo; CPG segment will likely continue to increase and that this segment also
offers better profit margin potential as well. And we believe that consumers are increasingly aware of the incidence of lifestyle-based
disorders
 such as cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)
 obesity
 osteoporosis and diabetes
 among others. We believe that this general
market awareness has served to further the sales growth and the market share of products that are perceived as natural alternatives
since this consumer segment perceives health benefits that are not available from other CPG products that are not &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
or &ldquo;organic.&rdquo; Other products contain what some in the CPG industry refer to as &ldquo;synthetic ingredients&rdquo;
in that they are not &ldquo;natural&rdquo; or &ldquo;organic.&rdquo; We believe that this product differentiation has further
cautioned consumers and it has allowed products that are marketed under the &ldquo;natural&rdquo; or &ldquo;organic&rdquo; moniker
to have higher price points and higher margins. Consumers perceive natural ingredients as having a positive impact on general
health
 while synthetic ingredients have certain detrimental effects on health. As a result
 food manufacturers have promptly
responded to the situation by completely replacing or partially replacing synthetic ingredients with their natural counterparts.

    
    


We
also believe that CPG products that are marketed as offering greater health and benefits products are expanding faster than the
overall market in many CPG segments. Thus
 those products are gaining market share. Overall
 there are many large
 well-established
CPG companies that possess a greater and far more sophisticated understanding of consumer trends and they have significant consumer
research capabilities that far exceeds our current capabilities and those that we likely will have in the future. We are also
aware that eight out of ten of the fastest growing food and beverage categories are generally linked to consumer perceptions of
health. In 2013
 the market for Health &amp; Nutrition foods at retail value is estimated at $720 billion with a CAGR of 7.4%.
This constituted 24% of the total food market which had an average CAGR of 2.8%.



Consumer
Product Group (CPG)

If we are
successful in obtaining sufficient financial
 managerial
 and marketing resources on reasonable terms and on a timely basis and
provided that market conditions are favorable
 we believe that we may be able to implement our business plan in one or more CPG
product segments. In that respect
 we may build and in other cases buy certain companies that may offer us attractive acquisition
opportunities in one or more CPG health and wellness food and beverage market segments. While it is difficult to know the extent
of future market conditions and opportunities that may be available
 we anticipate that suitable acquisition targets that meet
our investment criteria share a number of common features:



    
    
A concept with substantial
    identifiable consumer demand which can be effectively replicated in multiple markets;

    
    
    

    
    
A unique brand asset
    capability that differentiates the company from its competition;

    
    
    

    
    
Attractive business
    model economics which address specific customer needs and demonstrate operational capabilities to achieve market leadership;

    
    
    

    
    
Strong management
    in place with a proven ability to execute a clearly defined strategic business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
A strong
 focused
    and customer-oriented culture;

    
    
    

    
    
Significant growth
    or growth potential and an expansion strategy that is consistent with the company&rsquo;s performance history;

    
    
    

    
    
A defensible and
    extendable position in a growing industry category.


We have observed
that beverage products marketed as &ldquo;a natural energy drink
 bursts with flavor and is packed with healthy essential benefits
such as dietary fiber
 anti-oxidants
 minerals along with vitamin C
 vitamin D
 B12
 B3 and B5 currently attract what appears
to be a strong and loyal consumer following. Some of these products also reference a blend of cherries and pears and the marketing
lines include a suggestion that the product is a crisp pick-me up to satisfy and quench thirst. Such product marketing obviously
requires a sophisticated understanding of consumer needs and the current consumer trends in selected consumer segments.



We face many
large and highly successful competitors who have a long history of success in marketing a large and diverse product line in the
beverage industry and the health drink product market segment. These competitors compete in multiple geographic and product markets
with the help of internal and external market CPG research that we will never likely possess at any time in the future. They are
well-established
 multi-million-dollar companies that possess a greater and far more sophisticated understanding of consumer trends
and they have significant consumer research capabilities that far exceeds our current capabilities and those that we likely will
have in the future. Each of these competitors also possess sophisticated marketing models
 a deep reservoir of experienced distributors
and greater market research
capabilities than we will likely ever have. These advantages are augmented with far greater managerial and financial resources
that are far beyond and likely will be far beyond anything that we will ever possess.

    
    





At the present time
 the Company
has one employee.&nbsp;

Item 1A.
Risk Factors

Our business
is subject to many significant business risks that are largely beyond our control. We caution you that the following important
factors
 among others
 could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements
made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements.

We have not
attempted to rank any of the risks shown below but we caution you that any investment in our Company involves a substantially
high risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before you make any investment decision regarding
our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting the market in which we operate or that we
currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually materialize
 our business
 financial condition
and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline.

The following
risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks but are intended
only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable to our Company
and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
 the risk factors
discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct with our strategic
alliance partners.

Risks Related
to our Business and Industry

WE ARE
SUBJECT TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN A NEW BUSINESS VENTURE

We are subject
to substantially all the risks inherent in a new business venture. Because of our history of changing our business plan combined
with several changes in management
 we have no comparable history of operations that would allow an investor to evaluate our past
performance with comparable products in a similar business. We are also a small company and we have limited capital compared to
many others that operate with sophisticated business models developed with sophisticated business analytics. As a result
 we are
particularly susceptible to adverse effects of changing economic conditions and consumer tastes
 competition
 and other contingencies
or events beyond our control. We are also aware that our product market and consumer tastes are changing
 and we do not have the
market research capabilities to fully understand and anticipate these and other changes in the marketplace.

WE HAVE
NO HISTORY OF PROFITABILITY AND GENERATING POSITIVE CASH FLOW.

We have no
history of generating profits and positive cash flow. As a result
 any purchase of our Common Stock is subject the investor to
total loss of their investment resulting from insolvency
 bankruptcy
 or some other action by our present and future creditors
since our common stock (and our preferred stock) is and will be subordinate to the rights of our existing and future creditors.

NEGATIVE
EQUITY AND ABSENCE OF WORKING CAPITAL.

Our most recent
balance sheet as of December 31
 2017 shows that our Total Liabilities exceed our Total Assets by over 4.2 million dollars and
we have only minimal working capital. As a result
 we are insolvent
 and we face a clear risk of bankruptcy and other adverse
action by our existing and future creditors. At present
 we have no current plan to raise any significant additional equity capital
and we are not aware of any interest of any underwriter
 placement manager or other funding source that has any interest in assisting
us in obtaining additional capital. As a result
 we face and continue to face a clear risk of insolvency
 bankruptcy
 and other
adverse action by our existing and future creditors.

    
    


NEGATIVE
CASH FLOW.

We do not
have any history of generating and sustaining our operations with a positive cash flow. That is
 our operations have been characterized
by negative cash flows whereby our cash disbursements have exceeded our cash receipts. For these and other reasons
 any person
who acquires our Common Stock faces a significant risk of loss of their entire investment.

SUBSTANTIAL
LIKELIHOOD OF IMMEDIATE AND SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION.

While we have
no present plans to raise capital and no prospect that any additional capital can be raised in sufficient amounts
 on a timely
basis
 and on reasonable terms
 in the event that any significant additional capital is raised
 holders of our common stock face
a substantial likelihood of immediate and substantial dilution of their interests in the company.

ABSENCE
OF CONTROL AND AUTHORIZED &ldquo;BLANK CHECK&rdquo; PREFERRED STOCK. 

Any person
who acquires our Common Stock will not have any real ability to elect any Director to our Board of Directors or otherwise influence
or control the policies or direction of the Company since we previously issued shares of preferred stock to Joe E. Poe
 Jr. and
these shares possess super-voting rights that allows Joe E. Poe
 Jr. the unfettered to elect all Directors to our Board of Directors
and thereby control the Company. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors to authorize and
issue one or more series of our Preferred Stock each with such rights and privileges as our Board of Directors determines without
the necessity of obtaining any consent or approval of our common stockholders. As a result
 holders of our Common Stock have no
real ability to control or influence the Company at any time in the future.

COMMON
STOCK SUBORDINATE TO CLAIMS OF EXISTING AND FUTURE CREDITORS.

All of our
Common Stock is subordinate to the claims and interests of our existing and future creditors and as a result
 any person who acquires
our Common Stock is subject to a high risk of the total loss of their investment.

LIMITED
AND SPORADIC TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK.

Our Common
Stock is traded only on a limited and sporadic basis as an unlisted security on the OTC Market and there is no likelihood that
any liquid trading market will ever develop or if it does develop that any such market can be sustained. As a result
 holders
of our Common Stock may find it very difficult to undertake any re-sale of their holdings without incurring a prolonged delay
and likely at a significant discount to observed prices. For these reasons our Common Stock should not be considered a liquid
investment and it is entirely unsuitable for investors who seek to make only liquid investments.

NO LIKELIHOOD
OF DIVIDENDS.

We have no
history of profitability and
 for that matter
 we have no history of paying any dividends. In the unlikely event that we generate
profits
 if any
 we anticipate that all such profits will be reinvested into the Company.

ABSENCE
OF WORKERS&rsquo; COMPENSATION INSURANCE AND LIMITED INSURANCE COVERAGE.

We do not
have any workers&rsquo; compensation insurance coverage. As a result
 in the event that any employee of the Company suffers any
personal injury or any property damage while in the employ of the Company or in any capacity as an employee of the Company
 we
may be exposed to claims under applicable state laws involving tort claims for personal injury and property damage. The extent
of these claims could range from several tens of thousands of dollars to tens of millions of dollars. In addition
 we may be exposed
to claims from the Oklahoma Department of Insurance as well. As a result
 the Company is exposed to existential claims that could
result in insolvency and bankruptcy with the further result that persons who acquire our Common Stock could lose their entire
investment.



    
    

LIMITED
MANAGERIAL RESOURCES; LACK OF &ldquo;KEY MAN&rdquo; INSURANCE.

Currently
we have only one officer
 Mr. Joe E. Poe
 Jr. who is also our sole Director. As a result
 our ability to manage our business effectively
is constrained by the limited amount of our managerial resources and there can be no assurances that we can retain the services
of Mr. Joe E. Poe
 Jr. in the future and otherwise attract and retain other experienced
 talented
 and skilled management talent
necessary to execute our business plan. We have not entered into any employment agreement with Mr. Poe and we have no present
plans to enter into any such agreement. Further
 we do not have any &ldquo;key man&rdquo; life insurance on the life of Mr. Poe
and we do not anticipate obtaining any such insurance at any time in the future. The loss of Mr. Poe&rsquo;s services to the Company
would likely result in protracted and serious financial losses with the high likelihood that stockholders would lose all or nearly
all of their investment.

It may be
more difficult for the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in this Form
10-K than for a company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these risks
successfully
 the Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may be forced
to change dramatically
 or even terminate
 its planned operations.

RISKS ASSOCIATED
WITH IMPLEMENTATION OF BUSINESS PLAN.

As a development-stage
company
 we continue to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties in our efforts to implement our business
plan. The extent of these risks are not known and we have no demonstrable record of operations of any substance upon which anyone
can evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 uncertainties
 expenses and difficulties
frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. For these and many other reasons
 we cannot assure any
purchaser of our common stock or our preferred stock that it will be successful in implementing our business plan or otherwise
achieving our objectives.

GOING CONCERN
QUALIFICATION AND QUALIFIED AUDITOR&rsquo;S OPINION.

As a result
of our negative equity
 our lack of working capital
 and our lack of revenues
 our independent auditors have raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Given these circumstances
 any person who acquires our Common Stock or
our Preferred Stock should be prepared to lose their entire investment.

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.

We are subject
to shifting and uncertain consumer preferences away from our products. Further we likely will be unable to develop new products
that appeal to consumers
 or changes in our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business.
Also
 our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic
conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic downturns
or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect
on our sales
 results of operations
 business and financial condition.

FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

We are
aware that the prices of the main ingredients in our offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices of the various
products that we use to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal fluctuations
demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients that we use in our
products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability. In addition; higher diesel prices have
 in some cases
resulted in the imposition of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel and
gasoline prices may affect our supply costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile
commodity prices and to allow greater predictability in pricing
 we hope to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced
purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities will be successful or that they will not result in our

We do not presently have any multi-year pricing agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.

    
    



We
may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property
 and may be subject to claims by third parties that we
infringe on their intellectual property.

Our products
are created using proprietary formulations; however
 we have no registered patents. Preventing and policing the unauthorized use
of our intellectual property is often difficult and any steps we take may not
 in every case
 prevent the infringement by unauthorized
third parties. Further
 there can be no assurance that our efforts to enforce our rights and protect our intellectual property
will be successful. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
 which may result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

Further
 although
management does not believe that our products infringe on the intellectual rights of others
 there is no assurance that we will
not be the target of infringement or other claims. Such claims
 even if not true
 could result in significant legal and other
costs and may be a distraction to our management or interrupt our business.

LITIGATION
AND PUBLICITY CONCERNING PRODUCT QUALITY
 HEALTH AND OTHER ISSUES
 WHICH CAN RESULT IN LIABILITIES AND ALSO CAUSE CONSUMERS TO
AVOID OUR PRODUCTS
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

We are aware
that the beverage and food service businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from consumers or government
authorities resulting from food and beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from
one retail location or a limited number of retail locations. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
regardless of whether the allegations are true
 by discouraging consumers from buying our products. We could also incur significant
liabilities
 if a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result. We do not
carry any product liability and other related insurance and we have no present plans to do so. As a result
 we will be directly
exposed to all such claims and any related claims alleging losses due to our products and any asserted related losses with the
consequential result that holders of our Common Stock and our Preferred Stock could easily suffer the total loss of their investment.

BEVERAGE
AND FOOD SAFETY CONCERNS AND INSTANCES OF FOOD-BORNE ILLNESSES COULD HARM OUR CONSUMERS
 RESULT IN NEGATIVE PUBLICITY AND CAUSE
THE TEMPORARY CLOSURE OF SOME CONSUMERS&rsquo; STORES AND
 IN SOME CASES
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF
FRUITS
 ANY OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BRAND REPUTATION
 RESULT IN A DECLINE IN SALES OR AN INCREASE IN COSTS.

We consider
food and beverage safety a top priority and will dedicate substantial resources towards ensuring that consumers enjoy high-quality
safe and wholesome products. However
 we cannot guarantee that controls and training will be fully effective in preventing all
food-borne illnesses. Furthermore
 reliance on third-party suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne illness
incidents (such as E. coli
 Hepatitis A
 Salmonella or Listeria) could occur outside of our control and at multiple locations.
We intend to utilize High Pressure Processing (HPP) whenever possible to mitigate these risks.

Instances
of food-borne illnesses
 whether real or perceived
 and whether at our consumers&rsquo; stores or those of our competitors
 could
harm consumers and otherwise result in negative publicity about us or the products we serve
 which could adversely affect sales.
If there is an incident involving consumers&rsquo; C-stores and other approved channels serving contaminated products
 consumers
may be harmed
 our sales may decrease and our brand name may be impaired. If consumers become ill from food-borne illnesses
 we
could be forced to temporarily suspend some operations. If we react to negative publicity by changing our products or other key
aspects of the Fresh Promise experience
 we may lose consumers who do not accept those changes
 and may not be able to attract
enough new consumers to produce the revenue needed to make our operations profitable. In addition
 we may have different or additional
competitors for our intended consumers as a result of making any such changes and may not be able to compete successfully against
those competitors. Food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses and injuries caused by food contamination
have in the past
 and could in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause consumers
to shift their preferences
 particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along to consumers. As a result
 our
costs may increase and our sales may decline. A decrease in consumer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative
publicity
 or as a result of a change in our products or smoothie experience or a temporary suspension of any of our consumer
operations
 could materially harm our business.

    
    



THE FOOD
SERVICE INDUSTRY HAS INHERENT OPERATIONAL RISKS THAT MAY NOT BE ADEQUATELY COVERED BY INSURANCE.

We currently
do not have any product liability insurance or any related insurance. If we later acquire any such insurance
 we cannot assure
you or any holder of our Common Stock that we will carry sufficient insurance against all risks or that our insurers will pay
a particular claim. Furthermore
 in the future
 we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates for
our operations. We may also be subject to calls
 or premiums
 in amounts based not only on our own claim records but also the
claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we may receive indemnity insurance
coverage for tort liability. Our insurance policies may also contain deductibles
 limitations and exclusions which
 although we
may believe are standard in the food service industry
 may nevertheless increase our costs.

WE FACE
UNCERTAINTY IN OUR EFFORTYS TO GAIN AND SUSTAIN ANY RETAIL DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PLANNED PRODUCTS.

We have not
determined if we can achieve any retail distribution for our planned products and how or where any such distribution may be achieved
and
 if achieved
 that it can be sustained. Since we have no working capital and we have negative equity
 we are not able to predict
if and when we may be able to undertake any efforts to implement our business plan
 if ever. In the event that that we are successful
in overcoming these and other significant financial challenges
 we are aware that our future results depend on various factors
including successful selection of new markets
 market acceptance of our brands
 consumer recognition of the quality of our products
and willingness to pay our prices (which reflect our often-higher ingredient costs
) the quality and performance of our equipment
and general economic conditions. In addition
 as with the experience of other retail food and beverage concepts who have tried
to expand nationally
 we may find that our product concepts have limited or no appeal to consumers in new markets or we may experience
a decline in the popularity of our brands. We are also aware that any newly opened stores may not succeed
 future markets may
not be successful and average store revenue may not meet expectations. Moreover
 we anticipate that we may incur losses and negative
cash flow for several years
 at a minimum. As a result
 investors who acquire our Common Stock should be prepared to lose their
entire investment.

OUR FAILURE
TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Our plans
call for a significant increase in the number of consumers. Product supply
 financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these
systems
 procedures
 and controls and to hire
 train and retain management and staff. We may not respond quickly enough to the
changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management
 employees and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot
of importance on our culture
 which we believe will be an important contributor to our success. As we grow
 however
 we may have
difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our
growth effectively could harm our business and operating results with the result that we may face significant and protracted losses
thereby.

OUR OPERATING
RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD FALL BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF INVESTORS DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS.




    
    

Our operating results may fluctuate
significantly because of various factors
 including:



    
    
The impact of inclement weather
 natural disasters and other calamities
 such as earthquakes and/or hurricanes
 which could cause a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Profitability of our operations where our products are sold
 especially in new markets;

    
    
    

    
    
Changes in comparable store sales and consumer visits
 including the introduction of new product items;

    
    
    

    
    
Variations in general economic conditions
 including those relating to changes in diesel and gasoline prices;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Because of
these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for
any year. Average consumers&rsquo; store revenue or comparable store revenue in any particular future period may decrease. In
the future
 our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors. In that event
 the value of our Common Stock or
other securities would likely decrease.

OUR CONSUMERS
AND SUPPLIERS COULD TAKE ACTIONS THAT HARM OUR REPUTATION AND REDUCE OUR PROFITS.

Consumers
and suppliers are separate entities and are not our employees. Further
 we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations
of our consumers and suppliers. Any operational shortcomings of our consumers and suppliers are likely to be attributed to our
system-wide operations and could adversely affect our reputation and have a direct negative impact on our profits.&nbsp;

OUR REVENUE
IS SUBJECT TO VOLATILITY BASED ON WEATHER AND VARIES BY SEASON.

Seasonal factors
could also cause our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenue may be lower during the winter months and the holiday
season and during periods of inclement weather and higher during the spring
 summer and fall months. Our revenue will likely also
vary from quarter to quarter as a result of the number of trading days
 that is
 the number of days in a quarter when stores are
open.&nbsp;

WE COULD
FACE LIABILITY FROM OUR CONSUMERS
 SUPPLIERS OR GOVERNMENT.

A consumer
supplier or government agency may bring legal action against us based on the consumer/ supplier relationships. Various state and
federal laws govern our relationship with consumers and suppliers. If we fail to comply with these laws
 we could be liable for
damages to consumers or suppliers and fines or other penalties. Expensive litigation with our consumers/suppliers or government
agencies may adversely affect both our profits and our important relations with our consumer/suppliers.

WE MAY
NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

We are aware
that our business may require significant capital in the future each year and for many years even if we can implement our business
plans. We are also aware that any business that grows typically has negative cash flow as funds are needed to support higher levels
of inventory and receivables together with higher advertising and marketing expenditures. As a result of these and related circumstances
and even if we are successful in implementing our business plan
 any person who acquires our Common Stock or our Preferred Stock
will likely suffer significant and immediate dilution and otherwise become subordinate to the rights and claims of creditors.
In addition
 any financing that we obtain may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain
additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including market conditions
 our operating performance
 lender sentiment
and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under
our credit facility.
These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional financings unattractive. Our inability to raise
capital could impede our growth.

    
    



THE MARKETING
AND SALE OF A CONSUMER PRODUCT EXPOSES US TO SIGNIFICANT RISK OF LITIGATION TOGETHER WITH THE DISTRACTION OF OUR LIMITED MANAGEMENT
INCREASING OUR EXPENSES OR SUBJECTING US TO MATERIAL MONEY DAMAGES AND OTHER REMEDIES.

The marketing
of any consumer product is highly risky. We are aware that consumers could file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that
we are responsible for some illness or injury their consumers suffered at or after a visit to their stores
 or that we have problems
with food quality or operations. We are also subject to a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business
including personal injury claims
 contract claims and claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace
and employment matters
 discrimination and similar matters
 and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related
to these or different matters in the future. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately
held liable
 claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance.
A judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also materially and adversely affect
our reputation or prospects
 which in turn could adversely affect our results. The food and beverage services industry has been
subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content of food products they sell and disclosure and advertising
practices. We have no present plans to obtain insurance coverage for these risks or any risks associated with or arising out of
any product that we plan to market and sell in the future. As a result
 in the event that we incur costs and liabilities as a
result of or associated with our planned offering and sale of our products
 we likely will face protracted and significant financial
costs and protracted losses thereby with the result that anyone who acquires our Common Stock or our Preferred Stock likely will
lose their entire investment.

WE MAY
ALSO INCUR COSTS RESULTING FROM OTHER SECURITY RISKS WE MAY FACE IN CONNECTION WITH OUR ELECTRONIC PROCESSING AND TRANSMISSION
OF CONFIDENTIAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.

In the event
that we are able to implement our business plan then we are likely to face the risks from using commercially available software
and other technologies to provide security for processing and transmission of consumer credit card data. Our systems could be
compromised in the future
 which could result in the misappropriation of consumer information or the disruption of systems. Either
of those consequences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business or subject it to additional liabilities
with consequential and significant financial losses arising thereby.

WE ARE
EXPOSED TO INCREASED COSTS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING LAWS
 REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS IN GENERAL
 AND
SPECIFICALLY WITH INCREASED AND NEW REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DISCLOSURE STANDARDS.

We expect
to spend an increased amount of management time and external resources to comply with existing and changing laws
 regulations
and standards in general
 and specifically relating to corporate governance. In particular
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires management to annually review and evaluate all of our internal control systems
 and file attestations of
the effectiveness of these systems by our management and by our independent auditors. This process may require us to hire additional
personnel and use outside advisory services and result in additional accounting and legal expenses. If in the future our chief
executive officer
 chief financial officer or independent auditors determine that our controls over financial reporting are not
effective as defined under Section 404
 investor perceptions may be adversely affected and could cause a decline in the value
of our stock. If our independent auditors are unable to provide an unqualified attestation of management&rsquo;s assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting
 or disclaim an ability to issue an attestation
 it could result in a loss of investor
confidence in our financial reports
 adversely affect our stock value and our ability to access the capital markets or borrow
money. Failure to comply with other existing and changing laws
 regulations and standards could also adversely affect the Company.


    
    

THE REPORT
OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS INDICATES UNCERTAINTY CONCERNING OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN AND THIS MAY IMPAIR OUR
ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL TO FUND OUR BUSINESS PLAN.

Our independent
auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that this will not
impair our ability to raise capital on attractive terms. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve significant
revenues and therefore remain a going concern.&nbsp;

COMPETITORS
WITH MORE RESOURCES MAY FORCE US OUT OF BUSINESS.

We will compete
with many large and well-established companies
 food and beverage service
 C-stores and other approved channels and otherwise
on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product offered
 consumer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience.
Aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets could reduce our revenue and profit
margins and otherwise result in significant financial losses that could result in insolvency or bankruptcy.&nbsp;

WE MAY
NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT ADDITIONAL FINANCING WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE.

We have negative
equity of $4.2 million as of December 31
 2017
 minimal working capital and no clear plan to raise additional capital. To date
hawse have funded our operations with minimal financial resources
 and we have not generated sufficient cash from operations to
be profitable or to maintain sufficient inventory. Unless we are successful in generating sufficient revenues to finance operations
as a going concern while also achieving profitability and positive cash flow
 the Company may experience liquidity and solvency
problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available.

THE COST
TO MEET OUR REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AS A PUBLIC COMPANY SUBECT TO THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL AND MAY
RESULT IN US HAVING INSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS OR EVEN MEET ROUTINE BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS.

Subject to
the reporting requirements of the 
 as amended
 we will incur ongoing expenses associated
with professional fees for accounting
 legal
 and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements that could
limit our ability to invest in inventory
 accounts receivable
 marketing
 product development
 and other necessary expenditures.

WE MAY
HAVE DIFFICULTY IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING MANAGEMENT AND OUTSIDE INDEPENDENT MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS A RESULT OF
THEIR CONCERNS RELATING TO THEIR INCREASED PERSONAL EXPOSURE TO LAWSUITS AND STOCKHOLDER CLAIMS BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THESE POSITIONS
IN A PUBLICLY-HELD COMPANY.

We are aware
that directors and management of publicly-traded corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure
to lawsuits and stockholder claims
 as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly in
view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do
not carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has
recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside
directors to serve on our board of directors.

We may lose
potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater funding to date
which can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their increased duties
obligations and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with a limited operating history and limited
resources

management and outside independent directors than a more established company due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.

    
    



WE MAY
NOT ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS.

Projections
and estimated financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and
 though considered reasonable
by us
 are subject to significant business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that the projected results will be
realized or that actual results will not be significantly lower than projected. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes
any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of the projections.

Risks Related
to an Investment in our Common Stock

OUR DIRECTORS
HAVE THE RIGHT TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK.

Our directors
within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our stockholders
have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number of shares
and the relative rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 and terms of redemption
 liquidation preferences and any other preferences
special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights
of holders of our common stock.

IF THERE
IS A MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES IN THE FUTURE
 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND ILLIQUID.

We can make
no assurance that there will be a public market for our common Stock in the future. If there is a market for our Common Stock
in the future
 we anticipate that such market may be illiquid and might be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several
factors
 including
 but not limited to the following factors:



    
(1)
    
actual or anticipated
    variations in our results of operations;

    
    
    

    
    
our ability or inability
    to generate new revenue;

    
    
    

    
    
our ability to anticipate
    and effectively adapt to a developing market;

    
    
    

    
    
our ability to attract
    retain and motivate qualified personnel;

    
    
    

    
    
consumer satisfaction
    and loyalty;

    
    
    

    
    
increased competition;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
conditions and trends
    in the market for organic and natural products.


CONVERSION
OF OUR PROMISSORY NOTES OR SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK INTO THE PUBLIC MARKET BY SELLING SHAREHOLDERS
MAY CAUSE A REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK AND PURCHASERS WHO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LOSE SOME
OR ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENTS.

If a market
for our shares develops
 sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause a reduction
in the price of our Common Stock. If selling Shareholders resell a substantial portion of the issued and outstanding shares of
our Common Stock it could have an adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. As a result of any such decreases in the price
of our Common Stock
 purchasers who acquire shares from Selling Shareholders may lose some or all of their investment.


    
    

OUR EXISTING
SHAREHOLDERS WILL EXPERIENCE SUBSTANTIAL AND IMMEDIATE DILUTION.

In the event
that we are able to implement our business plan
 we will need to raise significant additional capital from the sale of debt
 equity
or both. Any funds
 and these funds may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Furthermore
 if we issue debt or equity
securities to raise additional funds
 our existing shareholders will experience substantial and immediate dilution
 and the new
debt or equity securities may have rights
 preference
 and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders. If we cannot
raise funds on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to develop or enhance our products
 execute our business plan
 take advantage
of future opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated consumer requirements.

There is no
assurance that we will be profitable
 and we may not be able to successfully develop
 manage or market our products and services.
We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technological personnel and our products and services may become
obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be incurred due
to the issuance of more shares
 stock options
 or the exercise of stock options
 and other risks inherent in our business.

Currently
there is a public market for our securities
 but there can be no assurances that the public market will develop further and
 if
developed further
 it is likely to experience significant price fluctuations.

We have a
trading symbol for our common stock
 namely &lsquo;FPFI&rsquo;. There can be no assurances as to whether:



    
    
the market for our
    shares will continue to develop; or

    
    
    

    
    
the prices at which
    our common stock will trade;


Prices for
our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity
of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact of the factors referred
to elsewhere in these risk factors
 investor perception of our Company and general economic and market conditions.

WE ARE
SUBJECT TO THE PENNY SOCK RULES WHICH WILL MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK MORE DIFFICULT TO SELL.
We are subject
to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules because our securities sell below $5.00 per share. The penny stock rules require
broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks
and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid
and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
 and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the bid and offer quotations
and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing
the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation.

Furthermore
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our securities.
As long as our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 the holders of such securities will find it more difficult to
sell their securities.

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE BY OUR CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.

The sale of
a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices prevailing
immediately before such shares are offered. In addition
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock
 including shares issued
upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants

Rule 144 or otherwise could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise
capital at that time through the sale of our securities.&nbsp;

    
    



STATUS
OF &ldquo;PENNY STOCK&rdquo; AND IMPACT ON MARKET LIQUIDITY.

Trading
in our Common Stock is limited. Consequently
 a shareholder may find it more difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate quotations
as to the price of
 our Common Stock. In the absence of a security being quoted on NASDAQ
 or the Company having $2
000
000 in
net tangible assets
 trading in the Common Stock is covered by Rule 3a51-1 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
under the 
 as amended for non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under such rules
broker/dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions
with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or an annual income exceeding $200
000
or $300
000 jointly with their spouse) must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser's written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. Securities are also exempt from this rule if the market price is
at least $5.00 per share
 or for warrants
 if the warrants have an exercise price of at least $5.00 per share. The Securities
Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure related to the market for penny stocks and for trades
in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations under such Act which define a penny stock to be
any NASDAQ or non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price or exercise price of less than $5.00 per share and allow for
the enforcement against violators of the proposed rules. In addition
 unless exempt
 the rules require the delivery
 prior to
any transaction involving a penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission explaining important concepts involving
a penny stock market
 the nature of such market
 terms used in such market
 the broker/dealer's duties to the customer
 a toll-free
telephone number for inquiries about the broker/dealer's disciplinary history
 and the customer's rights and remedies in case
of fraud or abuse in the sale. Disclosure also must be made about commissions payable to both the broker/dealer and the registered
representative
 current quotations for the securities
 and
 if the broker/dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker/dealer must
disclose this fact and its control over the market. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the
penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. While many NASDAQ stocks are covered by
the proposed definition of penny stock
 transactions in NASDAQ stock are exempt from all but the sole market-maker provision for
(i) issuers who have $2
000
000 in tangible assets has been in operation for at least three years ($5
000
000 if the issuer has
not been in continuous operation for three years)
 (ii) transactions in which the customer is an institutional accredited investor
and (iii) transactions that are not recommended by the broker/dealer. In addition
 transactions in a NASDAQ security directly
with the NASDAQ market maker for such securities
 are subject only to the sole market-maker disclosure
 and the disclosure with
regard to commissions to be paid to the broker/dealer and the registered representatives. The Company's securities are subject
to the above rules on penny stocks and the market liquidity for the Company's securities could be severely affected by limiting
the ability of broker/dealers to sell the Company's securities.

LIKELIHOOD
OF GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OF OUR PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS.

Companies
have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging
 among other things
 violations of federal and state
workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature
 if successful
 could result in our payment of substantial damages.

Our results
of operations may be adversely affected by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of employees or consumers.
In recent years
 a number of companies
 including juice companies
 have been subject to lawsuits
 including class action lawsuits
alleging violations of federal and state law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial awards by
the defendants. Although we are not currently a party to any material class action lawsuits
 we could incur substantial damages
and expenses resulting from lawsuits
 which would increase the cost of operating the business and decrease the cash available
for other uses.



    
    


WE ARE
SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY REGULATION.

We are subject
to various federal
 state and local regulations and we likely will face greater regulations in the future. Our products are subject
to state and local regulation by health
 sanitation
 food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material
difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new products which could delay planned execution
of our business plan. We are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights
protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment
 public accommodations and other areas. We may in the
future have to modify office and warehouse space
 for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural fixtures
to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons. The expenses associated with these modifications
could be material. Our operations are also subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act
 which governs such matters as minimum
wages
 overtime and other working conditions
 along with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act
 family leave mandates and a
variety of similar laws enacted by the states that govern these and other employment law matters. In addition
 federal proposals
to introduce a system of mandated health insurance and flexible work time and other similar initiatives could
 if implemented
adversely affect our operations. In recent years
 there has been an increased legislative
 regulatory and consumer focus on nutrition
and advertising practices in the food industry. As a result
 we may in the future become subject to initiatives in the area of
nutrition disclosure or advertising
 such as requirements to provide information about the nutritional content of our products
which could increase our expenses.

AS A PUBLIC
COMPANY
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO COMPLEX LEGAL AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS THAT WILL REQUIRE US TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT EXPENSES AND WILL
EXPOSE US TO RISK OF NON-COMPLIANCE.

As a public
company
 we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost of compliance
with many of these requirements is material
 not only in absolute terms but
 more importantly
 in relation to the overall scope
of the operations of a small company. Our relative inexperience with these requirements may increase the cost of compliance and
may also increase the risk that we will fail to comply.

Failure to
comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences including
 but not limited to
 our inability to file required
periodic reports on a timely basis
 loss of market confidence and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to comply with all of these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to be a substantial
competitive disadvantage vis-&agrave;-vis our privately held and larger public competitors.

WE MAY
BE SUBJECT TO SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION
 THEREBY DIVERTING OUR RESOURCES THAT MAY HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR PROFITABILITY AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

As discussed
in the preceding risk factors
 the market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared
to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite
future. In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of
volatility in the market price of its securities. We may become the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation will result
in substantial costs and liabilities and will divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments



Item 2.
Properties

Our principal
executive office is located at 3416 Shadybrook Drive
 Midwest City
 OK 73110.

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings

On April
25
 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard Maher
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;) filed a complaint with the United
States District Court for the District of Nevada (the &ldquo;Court&rdquo;) alleging claims including securities fraud and
breach of contract against
Peter Hellwig
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;). On March 30
 2017
 the Court issued an order granting in part
motion for default judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs.

    
    



We are not
currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of
our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries
or of our Company&rsquo;s or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which
an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

Item 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.





Item 5.
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a) Market
Information

The Company&rsquo;s
Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the under the symbol &ldquo;FPFI.&rdquo; The following table sets forth the quarterly
high and low sale prices for our common shares for the last two completed fiscal years and the subsequent interim periods. The
prices set forth below represent interdealer quotations
 without retail markup
 markdown or commission and may not be reflective
of actual transactions.



Fiscal
    Year 2017 Quarters Ended:
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

June 30
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

September 30
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal
    Year 2018 Quarters Ended:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

June 30
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

September 30
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(b) Holders


As
of November 11
of record of our
common stock. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of
broker-dealers or other nominees.&nbsp;



We have never
paid any cash dividends on our common shares
 and we do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends with respect to those securities
in the foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the expansion development of
our business.

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

We currently
do not have an equity compensation plan.&nbsp;

Item 6.
Selected Financial Data



    
    


Item 7.
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations

Forward-Looking
Statements

We make forward-looking
statements in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this
report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements
include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations which follow under the headings &ldquo;Business
and Overview
&rdquo; &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources
&rdquo; and other statements throughout this report preceded by
 followed
by or that include the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; or similar expressions.

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements
 including the risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe
from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We therefore
caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as
of the date of this report
 and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result
of new information
 future developments or otherwise.

Plan
of Operations

Our plan is
to develop our brand name
 to have it strongly associated with all of our distributed products and to focus on finding and developing
the best nutritional supplement product options for North America and beyond.

GIDDY UP Energy
Products is a wholesale manufacturer engaged in marketing and distribution of carbonated and non-carbonated energy drinks
 shakes
energy bars
 and related products. The company was a subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition
 a nutritional supplement company focused
on developing innovative
 high quality supplements. The company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified and/or
FDA registered facilities (visit our website at www.giddyupenergyproducts.com for more information).

An experienced
core management team is in place and has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market. The Company
plans to establish a procurement program and will work with outside professionals to build its business
 create brands through
eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This Annual
report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) contain
or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the &ldquo;Filings&rdquo;) and information that are based upon beliefs
of
 and information currently available to
 the Company&rsquo;s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company&rsquo;s
management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions
and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the Filings
 the words &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;future&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company&rsquo;s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions
 and
other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
 intended
 or planned.

Although the
Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 the Company cannot guarantee
future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities
laws of the United States
 the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.


    
    

Our financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments
 and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&rsquo;s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&rsquo;s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.&nbsp;

Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018
 and 2017



We did not
record any revenues for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017. As discussed above
 we discontinued our operating subsidiary
Harvest Soul; which had been our sole source for sales revenue in prior year periods. We are contemplating various opportunities
as a means to generate future sales revenue; however
 we can provide no assurance that our efforts will successfully result in
any new revenues.

Gross
Margin

Gross margin
is calculated by subtracting cost of sales from revenue. Gross margin percentage is calculated by dividing gross margins by revenue.

We did not
record any cost of goods sold for either of the years ended December 31
 2018
 and 2017. As such
 we did not realize any gross
margin for either of the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Operating
Expenses

We incurred
$945
857 in operating expenses from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2018
 compared to $503
007 in operating
expenses from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2017
 or an increase of $442
850.

Our operating
expenses are primarily comprised of compensation and benefits
 professional fees and other general and administrative costs. During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we incurred charges related to the settlement of certain legal matters. See Item 1. Legal Proceedings.
On January 1
 2018
 the Company issued three convertible notes to settle legal damages totaling $693
819 awarded to the Plaintiffs
after pursuing all potential remedies against the other Defendants. On April 27
 2018
 the Company issued one share of convertible
preferred stock to settle a legal matter totaling $60
000.

During the
year ended December 31
 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge related to the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities associated
with the business of Giddy Up Energy Products. At December 31
 2017
 as a result of significant delays in placing the acquired
assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed the impairment test as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value
of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling $463
007.

We expect
our operating expenses to increase proportionally to our business activities as we begin to execute upon our Plan of Operations
in future periods.

Other
Income (Expense)

Net other
expenses totaled $1
188
117 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 compared to $690
696 in net other expenses for the year ended
December 31
 2017.


    
    

The Company
has issued various convertible notes to help finance its operations
 some of which have embedded derivative features. The value
of these instruments will fluctuate as the trading price of our common stock changes. During the year ended December 31
 2018
we recorded a non-cash gain of $2
174
882
 compared to a loss of $608
887 from the change in the value of these derivative features.
Additionally
 during the year ended December 31
 2018 we recorded a derivative liability expense of $2
374
508 compared to $0
during the year ended December 31
 2017.

During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 we recorded interest expense related to the amortization of debt discounts totaling $698
638 compared
to $0 during the year ended December 31
 2017.

Net
loss from continuing operations

We incurred
a net loss from continuing operations of $2
133
974 or $0.00 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 compared to a net
loss of $1
193
703
 or $0.00 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2017.

The weighted
average number of basic and fully diluted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2018
 was 8
657
514
707 compared
to 1
639
773
469 for the year ended December 31
 2017. There are no dilutive equivalents included in our calculation of fully
diluted shares for the years ended December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive due to our net loss
per share.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
 among
other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The Company
sustained a net loss of $852
150 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 and a net loss of $1
252
941 for the year ended December
31
 2017. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations
 the Company requires additional funding to execute upon
its Plan of Operation. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

We are presently
unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At December 31
 2018
 we had $188 in assets and a working capital deficit of
$4
219
266. Our working capital deficit is largely due to the balance of our convertible notes payable and related derivative
liabilities.

During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 we used net cash of $63
181 from our operating activities from continuing operations compared to
$0 cash provided by or used in our operating activities from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2017.

During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 net cash provided by our financing activities from continuing operations was $63
368 compared to
$0 cash provided by or used in our financing activities from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2017.

We anticipate
that our cash requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations
 pay current obligations and future capital
expenditures. The primary sources of funding in the near term for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from raising
additional funds by the issuance of convertible notes. However
 we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate
sufficient cash flow or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us if at all
 to remain a going concern. Our continuation
as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and
ultimately to attain profitability. In addition
 our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue
to expand our operations. We are presently engaged in capital raising activities through one or more private offerings of our
company&rsquo;s securities. See &ldquo;Note 2&ndash; Going Concern&rdquo; in our financial statements for additional information
as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a &ldquo;going concern.&rdquo;




    
    

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We do not
have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We do not
hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data

    
    




FRESH PROMISE
FOODS INC.

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER
31
 2018 AND DECEMBER 31
 2017

    
    



Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.
Opinion
on the Financial Statements
We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related
statements of operations
 stockholders' equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the &quot;financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Basis
for Opinion
These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud.
Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Substantial
Doubt about the Company&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated
deficit. In addition
 the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/S/
BF Borgers CPA PC
BF
Borgers CPA PC

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2018
Lakewood
CO
November
22
 2019





    
    

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
165
466
165
466

    
653
218
324
221


 current
1
497
831
790
859

    
1
899
209
1
699
583

    
3
730
3
600

    
    
1
281
823

    
4
219
454
4
265
552

    
4
219
454
4
265
552

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares
    
    


 2018 and 2017
 respectively
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 1 share authorized; 1 and zero shares
    
    


 2018 and 2017
 respectively
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 2
000
000
000 shares authorized; 8
809
999
998 and 7
338
180
185 shares
    
    


 2018 and 2017
 respectively
88
100
73
382

    
8
830
754
7
947
036

    
(13
138
220
(12
286
070

    
(4
219
266
(4
265
552

    
    
    



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.





    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
000
40
000

    
812
893
    

    
    
463
007

    
64
314
    

    
8
650
    

    
945
857
503
007

    
(945
857
(503
007

    
    
    

    
(2
374
508
    

    
2
174
882
(608
887


 net
(988
491
(81
809

    
(1
188
117
(690
696

    
(2
133
974
(1
193
703

    
    
    

    
(2
133
974
(1
193
703


 net of income taxes
1
281
824
(59
238

    
(852
150
(1
252
941

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
657
514
707
1
639
773
469



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
10
000
000
    
    
    
829
920
304
8
300
7
417
724
(11
033
129
(3
607
005

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
252
941
(1
252
941

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
4
630
081
800
46
300
416
707
    
463
007

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
878
178
081
18
782
112
605
    
131
387

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
10
000
000
    
    
    
7
338
180
185
73
382
7
947
036
(12
286
070
(4
265
552

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(852
150
(852
150


 preferred stock in connection with settlement
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    
60
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
160
000
000
1
600
14
400
    
16
000


 officers
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
240
000
000
2
400
45
600
    
48
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
071
819
813
10
718
48
232
    
58
950

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
715
486
    
715
486

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
10
000
000
    
    
    
8
809
999
998
88
100
8
830
754
(13
138
220
(4
219
266



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.



    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(852
150
(1
252
941

    
(1
281
824
59
238

    
    
    

    
698
638
    

    
60
000
    

    
48
000
9
558

    
693
819
    

    
2
374
508
    

    
(2
174
882
608
887

    
    
463
007

    
    
    

    
370
580
112
251

    
    
    

    
(63
181
    

    
    
    

    
(63
181
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
000
    

    
47
368
    

    
63
368
    

    
    
    

    
63
368
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
715
485
    

    
    
463
007

    
58
951
131
387



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.



    
    


FRESH PROMISE
FOODS
 INC.
NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years Ended
December 31
 2018 and 2017

NOTE 1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS
AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



Fresh Promise
Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;Fresh Promise&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on
the high-margin
 multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors.

On June 27
2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution
of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company
is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional
supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

Going
Concern

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following
the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating losses since its
inception.

Because the
Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.

Discontinued
Operations

In light of
the Company&rsquo;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations
of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&rsquo;s
December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018
 Fresh Promise executed a definitive agreement to sell and
transfer its equity interest in Harvest Soul.

The Company&rsquo;s
results of operations related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all
years presented. For additional information see Note 3 &mdash; Discontinued Operations.

Basis
of Presentation

The Company
uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;).
The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year-end.

The consolidated
financial statements include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul
Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.




    
    



The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available
as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from
these estimates.



Fresh Promise
Foods Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
places its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&rsquo;s account at this institution is insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
the Company did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such
financial institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&nbsp;

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The Company&rsquo;s
financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate
prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.



Goodwill represents
the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
The goodwill arising from the Company&rsquo;s acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity
with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable
useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
 whichever is shorter.

Goodwill and
indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent
assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more
frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying
amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based
on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&rsquo;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&rsquo;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&rsquo;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&rsquo;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.


    
    

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&rsquo;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment
tests scheduled in the fourth quarter.

As of December
31
 2018
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets. See Note 4 &ndash; Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities
of Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. for more information.

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net income
(loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share.&rdquo; Basic net income (loss) per
common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017. Diluted
earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had convertible
notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 21
654
839
992 and 8
969
560
081 common shares based up the closing
bid price of the company&rsquo;s common stock at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Shares which would result from the
conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2018 and 2017 because the effect
would be anti-dilutive.



ASC 718
 Compensation
&ndash; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee
services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other
equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The Company
accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
Equity &ndash; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on
the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received
 or (b) the equity instruments issued.
The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

No share-based
expenses were recorded for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Income
Taxes

The Company
accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A valuation
allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the
net deferred asset will not be realized.

The Company
follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are
subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the
period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained upon examination
 including the resolution
of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions
that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50
percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain
tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing
authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination.
As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

    
    



The Company
has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position
is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can
be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax
positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is
not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014
 through 2018. The tax year 2013 remains
open for examination.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except for
rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&trade; (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.&nbsp;

In February
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&nbsp;
 which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees.
The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from financing and operating leases
 along
with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. In March 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-01

Improvements
 which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard. The FASB issued ASU 2018-10

to Topic 842
 Leases&nbsp;
 in 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11


as an adjustment to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new lease
standard. ASC 842 will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1
 2019.

In June 2018
the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting
for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. Certain areas of the simplification
apply only to nonpublic entities. The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which
a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards.
The amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used to effectively provide (1) financing to
the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract accounted for
under Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments of the ASU are effective for public business entities for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements.

NOTE 2
&ndash; GOING CONCERN

The Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow
it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company
is unable to obtain adequate capital
 it could be forced to cease operations.

    
    



The Company
incurred net losses of $852
150 and $1
252
941 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 and the Company had
accumulated deficits of $13
138
220 and $12
286
070 and working capital deficits (including the liabilities for discontinued operations)
of $4
219
266 and $4
265
552 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern.

In order to
continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&rsquo;s plan
to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various lenders
 institutions and significant
stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance that the Company
will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.

There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
 will
be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues
received from business operations. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.

NOTE 3
&ndash; DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In light of
the Company&rsquo;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations
of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&rsquo;s
December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements.

The Company
made the decision to impair all of the assets of Harvest Soul resulting in a charge of $217
728 in 2015. The decision to impair
the assets was made as Harvest Soul was operating autonomously during the legal proceedings
 and the Company determined that the
assets presented it with no future economic benefit. The impairment charge is reflected under operating expenses in the operating
results from discontinued operations summarized below.

Effective
August 28
 2018
 the Company executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;)
providing for the sale of certain assets and the assignment of certain (i) notes payable
 (ii) accrued salaries and (iii) contracts
(collectively the &ldquo;Assumed Liabilities&rdquo;) to Purchaser and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Purchaser.

The operating
results of the Company&rsquo;s Harvest Soul subsidiary classified as discontinued operations are summarized below:




    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2018
    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    margin
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    income (expenses)
    
1
281
824
    
    
    
(59
238
    

Provision
    for income taxes (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss) from discontinued operations
    
1
281
824
    
    
    
(59
238
    


The following
table presents the major classes of assets and liabilities of Harvest Soul classified as discontinued operations in the consolidated
balance sheets:



    
    




    
December
    31
 2018
    
    
December
    31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    current assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
    
    
    
51
461
    

Accrued
    liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
98
938
    

Capital
    lease liability
 current
    
    
    
    
    
43
426
    

Convertible
    notes payable
 current
    
    
    
    
    
559
829
    

Derivative
    liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
528
169
    

Total
    current liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
1
281
823
    

Total
    liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
1
281
823
    

Net
    liabilities of discontinued operations:
    
    
    
    
    
(1
281
823
    


NOTE 4
&ndash; ACQUISITION OF THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF GIDDY UP ENERGY PRODUCTS
 INC.

On June 27
2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
630
081
800 shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at $463
007
 or $0.0001 per share
which represents fair market value.

At December
31
 2017
 as a result of significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed
the impairment test as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling
$463
007.

Pursuant to
the Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business
plan involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

NOTE 5
&ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

On January
28
 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares from its former chief financial
officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The note had been purchased from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual
conversion terms per agreement. The balance of this note was $8
263 at December 31
 2018.

On January
31
 2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $179
268 with its former chief executive officer and director
Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date
of January 31
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.
This note was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018.

On April 1
2015
 the Company amended the terms of a convertible promissory note for $12
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman
Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The aged debt was purchased from its original note holder. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity
date of April 1
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
remains $12
000 at December 31
 2018.

On June 30
2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $62
229 with its former chief executive officer and director Mr.
Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
June 30
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. Harvest Soul assumed this note
in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018.


    
    

On June 30
2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $152
333 with its executive vice president and director Scott C.
Martin in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of June 30
2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. This note was assumed by Harvest Soul
in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018.

On August
21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C.
Canouse. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock
at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to
the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $30
000 at December 31
 2018.

On August
24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000 with
its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date
of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes remains $30
000
at December 31
 2018.

NOTE 6
&ndash;CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

The following
tables set forth the components of the Company&rsquo;s convertible notes from continuing operations at December 31
 2018 and December
31
 2017:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
December
    31

    
    

Principal
    value of convertible notes
    
    
1
515
178
    
    
    
790
859
    

Unamortized loan
    discounts
    
    
(17
347)
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible
    notes
 net
    
    
1
497
831
    
    
    
790
859
    


The following
table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2017
    
    
869
166
    

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due
    to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
9
558
    

Conversion of principal amounts outstanding
    into common stock of the Company 
    
    
(87
865
    

Ending balance December 31
 2017
    
    
790
859
    

    
    
    
724
319
    

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due
    to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
17
369
    

Conversion of principal amounts outstanding
    into common stock of the Company
    
    
(17
369
    

Ending balance December 31
 2018
    
    
1
515
178
    


On January
5
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January
5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August
21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20
 2017.
It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of
the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $20
000 at
December 31
 2018.

On January
26
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of January
26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.
The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2018.


    
    

On February
10
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February
10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $3
600
at December 31
 2018.

On February
10
 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of the note
were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common stock
at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of
conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $64
445 at December 31
 2018.

On February
13
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February
13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party
on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August
20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$52
966 at December 31
 2018.

On March 17
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 17
2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The
balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2018.

On March 27
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016.
The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
000 at December 31
 2018.

On April 1
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016.
The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to
the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $12
000 at December 31
 2018.

On May 28
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28
2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$23
000 at December 31
 2018.

On August
7
 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and the terms
of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted into
common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid prices
during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $46
705 at December 31
 2018.

On August
21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August
21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $30
000 at December
31
 2018.

On August
24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000. The
notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount
of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.
The balance of these notes was $30
000 at December 31
 2018.


    
    

On September
2
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February
28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $51
414 at December 31
 2018.

On September
4
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of September
4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $39
342
at December 31
 2018.

During the
year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating
$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of
these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As
such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regard to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent
with other convertible debt securities issued during the period. The balance of these notes was $99
500 at December 31
 2018.

On January
1
 2018
 the Company executed three promissory notes aggregating $693
819 to settle a legal matter. See Note 10 &ndash; Commitments
and Contingencies. The notes bear interest at 12% and have a maturity date of July 10
 2018. The notes can be converted into common
stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest bid price during the 25 trading days
prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes was $693
819 at December 31
 2018.

On March 13
2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March
13
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $5
500
at December 31
 2018.

On December
12
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date
of December 12
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $25
000 at December 31
 2018.

As of December
31
 2018
 the majority of the Company&rsquo;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their contractual
maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default
 demands for payment
or other forms of claim as a result of these defaults.

All of the
convertible notes were analyzed at the time of their issuance for derivative accounting consideration. In some instances
 the
Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date stock
price. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled $1
899
209
and $1
699
583
 respectively.

The value
of the derivative liabilities was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&nbsp;31

        
    
    
December&nbsp;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected volatility
    (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
446.63
    &ndash; 486.95
    

Expected life
    (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
0.75
    &ndash; 1.00 
    



    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    


A portion
of this amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible debentures.
The remaining debt discounts associated with these beneficial conversion features was $17
348 and $0 respectively as of December
31
 2018 and 2017. The related amortization expense was $698
638 and $0 for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.
See Note 9 &ndash; Fair Value Measurements for additional details.

During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $17
368 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $41
851 into 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock.

During the
year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $93
164 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $38
223
 into 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock.

At December
31
 2018 and 2017
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 21
339
046
649 and 8
969
560
081
shares
 respectively.

NOTE 7
&ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)



The authorized
Series A preferred stock of the Company consists of 69
999
990 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&nbsp;December 31
 2018 and
2017
 the Company had 10
000
000 shares of its Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The majority of the Series A preferred
stock entitles the stockholders to 67% overall voting rights.

Common
Stock

The authorized
common stock of the Company consists of 9
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&nbsp;December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the
Company had 8
809
999
998 and 7
338
180
185 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.

During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $17
369
in principal and $41
581 in accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes.

During the
year ended December 31
 2017
 the company issued 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $93
164
in principal and $38
223 in accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes. Further
 the Company issued 4
630
081
800
shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities from Creative Edge Nutrition. These
issuances were exempt from registration under rule 144.

NOTE 8
&ndash; INCOME TAXES

As of December
31
 2018
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $13.1 million that may be available to reduce our
tax liability through tax year 2037. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $2
759
000 if the Company produces
sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&nbsp;The
Company has no provisions from income tax in 2018
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.

A reconciliation
of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(448
135
    
    
(250
678
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;(101
150
    
    
(56
582
    

    
    
    
    
549
285
    
    
307
259
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



The cumulative
tax effect at the expected rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December
31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
759
026
    
    
    
2
580
075
    

    
    
    
&nbsp;(2
759
026
    
    
    
(2
590
075
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Tax net operating
loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes.

NOTE 9
&ndash; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The Company
has adopted the guidance under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic
820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority
to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy.
Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances
in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity is required to
measure fair value using one or more of the techniques provided for in this update.

The standard
describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last
unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:

Level 1 &ndash;
Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 &ndash;
Input other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets of liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.

Level 3 &ndash;
Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets
or liabilities.&nbsp;

Our assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers factors
specific to the asset or liability.

The Company
analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity&rdquo; and ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to
fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving
at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments
such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes modes.

The Company
uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined
by using the Black Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&rsquo;s derivative liabilities are adjusted
to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations
as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.


    
    

The following
table summarizes the change in the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
2017:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
Significant
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;12/31/2017
    &nbsp;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&nbsp;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible promissory notes
    with embedded conversion option
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    


The following
table summarizes the change in the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
2018:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
Significant
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;12/31/2018
    &nbsp;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&nbsp;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
1
899
209
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1
899
209
    
    

    
    
    
1
889
209
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
899
209
    
    


The following
table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2017
    
    
1
099
696
    

Change in fair value of embedded conversion
    features of convertible promissory notes included in earnings
    
    
(608
997)
    

Embedded conversion option liability recorded
    in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
1
699
583
    

Change in fair value of embedded conversion
    features of convertible promissory notes included in earnings
    
    
(2
174
882
    

Embedded conversion option liability recorded
    in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes
    
    
2
374
508
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2018
    
    
1
899
209
    


Note
10 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies

On April 25
2013
 Clinton H. /Richard Maher
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;) filed a complaint with the United States District
Court for the District of Nevada (the &ldquo;Court&rdquo;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach of contract against
Peter Hellwig
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;). On March 30
 2017
 the Court issued an order granting in part
motion for default judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs.

On January
6
 2016
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &ldquo;Release Agreement&rdquo;).
In accordance with the Release Agreement

Officer and Director and
 in consideration for such resignations and Mr. Quirk&rsquo;s release of the Company from liability;
the Company released Mr. Quirk from liability.

On October
13
 2017
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &ldquo;Release Agreement&rdquo;).
In accordance with the Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration for such resignation
and Mr. Martin&rsquo;s release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.



In accordance
with FASB ASC 855-10 Subsequent Events
 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2018 to the date these
consolidated financial statements were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose
in these consolidated financial statements.





    
    



Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants and Financial Disclosure

Effective
May 1
 2018
 the Company dismissed D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. as its independent registered public accounting firm and engaged
BF Borgers CPA PC as its independent registered public accounting firm. D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. audited our financial statements
for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013 and reviewed the financials prepared by the previous public accounting
firm for the period ended December 31
 2012. The dismissal of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. was approved by our Board of Directors
effective May 1
 2018. D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. did not resign or decline to stand for re-election.

Neither the
report of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. dated April 24
 2015 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and the related
statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
nor the report of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. dated April 15
 2014 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and
the related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2013
and 2012 contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
 nor was either such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty
audit scope
 or accounting principles
 except that both such reports raised substantial doubts on our ability to continue as a
going concern.

During our
two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period preceding our decision to dismiss D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A.
we had no disagreements with the firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or
auditing scope of procedure which disagreement if not resolved to the satisfaction of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. would have
caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report.

During our
two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period prior to retaining BF Borgers CPA PC (1) neither we nor anyone
on our behalf consulted BF Borgers CPA PC regarding (a) either the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction
either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements or (b) any matter
that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and (v)
 respectively
 of Regulation
S-K
 and (2) BF Borgers CPA PC did not provide us with a written report or oral advice that they concluded was an important factor
considered by us in reaching a decision as to accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue.

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures

(a) Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the 
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;))
 in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as of December 31
 2018.

Based on the
review described above
 our Chief Executive Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report.

    
    



(b) Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were
no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred subsequent to our evaluation of our internal
control over financial reporting for the period ended December 31
 2018 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;

Our Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting under the supervision of the
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Management
evaluated the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in May 2013
 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting were not
effective.

An evaluation
was performed
 under the supervision of
 and with the participation of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e) to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation
 our management
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not adequate and effective
 as of December 31
 2018
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that it files or submits under the 
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within
the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.

We do not
expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all
fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives
of the system are met and cannot detect all deviations. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation
of control can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or deviations
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected.

This report
does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this report.

Item 9B.
Other Information






    
    




Item 10. Directors
 Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance

Our bylaws
provide that our board of directors shall consist of at least one member and will be determined by resolution of our board of
directors. The number of members of our board of directors is currently one.

The following
table lists our directors and provides their respective ages and titles as of December 31
 2018.



    
    
    
    
    

Joe E. Poe
 Jr. (1)
    
    
    
Chairman of the Board of Directors
 CEO


(1) Effective
May 4
 2017
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Joe E. Poe
 Jr. as Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board.

(2) On June
4
 2014
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary
of the Company. On October 13
 2017
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin
whereby Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration for such resignation and Mr. Martin&rsquo;s release
of the Company from liability
 the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.

Executive
Summaries

Joe E.
Poe
 Jr.
 Chief Executive Officer and Director

Mr. Poe
 age
56
 has worked in the securities industry since 1987
 currently working in compliance of customer securities deposits. He currently
serves on several Charity Boards
 including Chairman of the Oklahoma City Pow Wow Club.

Mr. Poe graduated
from the University of Texas at Austin in 1986
 where he was a member of its intercollegiate swimming team.

Board
Committees

The Board
does not currently have any committees.

Term
of Office

Our directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from
office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the Board.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16
 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 percent
of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These Section 16 reporting persons are required
by Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16 forms they file.&nbsp;

Item 11.
Executive Compensation

The following
table sets forth compensation for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief Executive
of
the Company who earned a total annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.



SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE
    

(a)
    
    Name and 
    Principal 
    Position
    
(b)
    Year
    
    
(c)
    Salary
    
    
(d)
    Bonus
    
    
(e)
    
    Stock 
    Awards
    
    
(f)
    Option Awards
    
    
(g)
    
    Non-Equity 
    Incentive
    Plan 
    Compensation
    
    
    
Nonqualified
        Deferred Earnings
        
    
    
(i)
    
    All 
    Other 
    Compensation
    
    
(j)
    
    Total
    

Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
650
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
68
650
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


Compensation
of Directors

Any Director
who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors may be
compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Employment
Agreements

The Company
entered into an Employment Agreement with Joe E. Poe on May 1
 2017.

Any Director
who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors may be
compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following
table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders who
were known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of December 31
 2018
 and our officers and directors
individually and as a group. Unless otherwise indicated
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power with respect
to such shares of common stock.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules
 shares of our common stock which
may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within
60 days of the date of the table are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees
 if applicable. Subject to community property
laws
 where applicable
 the persons or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
our common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence

We have not
entered into any transactions nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our Directors
 executive officers
 stockholders
or any member of their immediate family of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The following
table presents the aggregate fees billed by for services provided during our 2018 and 2017 fiscal years.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    


.

financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The amounts also include
fees for services that are normally provided by the independent public registered accounting firm in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings and engagements for the years identified.

Audit-Related
The fees identified under this caption were for assurance and related services that were related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; Audit-related
fees consisted primarily of fees paid for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and consents related to our uniform
franchise offering circulars.

.


Approval
Our audit committee approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm. All engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2018 and 2017 were pre-approved by
Board of Directors.&nbsp;

    
    







Item 15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 Schedules



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Instance Document
    **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Schema **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Calculation Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Label Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Presentation Linkbase **






    
    






Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
 as amended
 the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
FRESH PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: November 22
 2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
    


Pursuant to
the requirements of the 
 as amended
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
Title
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
November 22
 2019

Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
    




    














     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting.




Date:
    November 22
 2019
By:
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
        fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
        internal control over financial reporting.
        




Date: November 22
    2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

In connection
with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2018
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Principal Executive
Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information
    contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: November 22
    2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr. 

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

In connection
with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2018
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Principal Financial
Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information
    contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: November 22
    2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr. 

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    























        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Fresh Promise&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on&#13;the high-margin

&#13;2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby&#13;the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
&#13;the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution&#13;of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement

 which contemplates&#13;the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following&#13;the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis

 this&#13;raises substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to&#13;raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically

 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations&#13;of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018


000. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
&#13;the Company did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such&#13;financial institution


 the Company determines fair value based on estimated&#13;future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing&#13;and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes&#13;an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s risk relative&#13;to the overall market
 the Company&amp;#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used&#13;in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital&#13;requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public&#13;market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
&#13;if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net&#13;assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value&#13;of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price&#13;allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair&#13;value of goodwill

 including&#13;revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions

 2018
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets. See Note 4 &amp;#8211; Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities&#13;of Giddy Up Energy Products

 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share.&amp;#8221; Basic net income (loss) per&#13;common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017. Diluted&#13;earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted&#13;average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted&#13;number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had convertible&#13;notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 21
654
839
992 and 8
969
560
081 common shares based up the closing&#13;bid price of the company&amp;#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2018 and 2017

 Compensation&#13;&amp;#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee&#13;services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other&#13;equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including&#13;grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.&#13;That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

&#13;Equity &amp;#8211; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on&#13;the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
&#13;among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
&#13;it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are&#13;subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the&#13;period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be&#13;sustained upon examination
 including the resolution&#13;of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions&#13;that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50&#13;percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated&#13;with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain&#13;tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing&#13;authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination.&#13;As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position&#13;is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can&#13;be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax&#13;positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is&#13;not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations&#13;remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/i&gt;
 which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees.&#13;The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from financing and operating leases
 along&#13;with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. In March 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-01
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Codification&#13;Improvements&lt;/i&gt;
 which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard. The FASB issued ASU 2018-10
 &lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements&#13;to Topic 842
 Leases&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;in July 2018. Also
 in 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
 Leases&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;(Topic 842) Targeted Improvements
&#13;&lt;/i&gt;which provides an optional transition method whereby the new lease standard is applied at the adoption date and recognized&#13;as an adjustment to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new lease&#13;standard. ASC 842 will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting&#13;for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
&#13;to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. Certain areas of the simplification&#13;apply only to nonpublic entities. The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which&#13;a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards.&#13;The amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used to effectively provide (1) financing to&#13;the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract accounted for&#13;under Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments of the ASU are effective for public business entities for&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018



150 and $1
252
941 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 and the Company had&#13;accumulated deficits of $13
138
220 and $12
286
070 and working capital deficits (including the liabilities for discontinued operations)&#13;of $4
219
266 and $4
265
552 at December 31
 2018 and 2017

 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&amp;#8217;s plan&#13;to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various lenders
 institutions and significant&#13;stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However

 if available
 will&#13;be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues&#13;received from business operations. However


 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations&#13;of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;December 31

728 in 2015. The decision to impair&#13;the assets was made as Harvest Soul was operating autonomously during the legal proceedings

 2018
 the Company executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;)&#13;providing for the sale of certain assets and the assignment of certain (i) notes payable



281


281











281

281

281



&#13;2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby&#13;the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
&#13;the Company agreed to exchange 4
630
081
800 shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at $463
007
 or $0.0001 per share

 2017
 as a result of significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed&#13;the impairment test as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling&#13;$463



 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares from its former chief financial&#13;officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The note had been purchased from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual&#13;conversion terms per agreement. The balance of this note was $8
263 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $179
268 with its former chief executive officer and director&#13;Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date&#13;of January 31
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.&#13;This note was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28

&#13;2015
 the Company amended the terms of a convertible promissory note for $12
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman&#13;Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The aged debt was purchased from its original note holder. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity&#13;date of April 1
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note&#13;remains $12
000 at December 31

&#13;2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $62
229 with its former chief executive officer and director Mr.&#13;Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of&#13;June 30
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. Harvest Soul assumed this note&#13;in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28

&#13;2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $152
333 with its executive vice president and director Scott C.&#13;Martin in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of June 30
&#13;2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. This note was assumed by Harvest Soul&#13;in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C.&#13;Canouse. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock&#13;at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to&#13;the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $30
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000 with&#13;its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date&#13;of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes remains $30
000&#13;at December 31


 2018 and December&#13;31



515




497



 January&#13;    1










515

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January&#13;5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average&#13;bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August&#13;21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20
 2017.&#13;It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of&#13;the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $20
000 at&#13;December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of January&#13;26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.&#13;The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February&#13;10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $3
600&#13;at December 31

 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of the note&#13;were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common stock&#13;at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of&#13;conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $64
445 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February&#13;13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party&#13;on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August&#13;20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the&#13;average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was&#13;$52
966 at December 31

&#13;2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 17
&#13;2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the&#13;average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The&#13;balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31

&#13;2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016.&#13;The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average&#13;closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
000 at December 31

&#13;2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016.&#13;The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to&#13;the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $12
000 at December 31

&#13;2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28
&#13;2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the&#13;average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was&#13;$23
000 at December 31

 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and the terms&#13;of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted into&#13;common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid prices&#13;during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $46
705 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August&#13;21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $30
000 at December&#13;31

 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000. The&#13;notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount&#13;of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.&#13;The balance of these notes was $30
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February&#13;28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note&#13;was $51
414 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of September&#13;4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average&#13;of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $39
342&#13;at December 31

 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating&#13;$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of&#13;these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As&#13;such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regard to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent&#13;with other convertible debt securities issued during the period. The balance of these notes was $99
500 at December 31

 2018
 the Company executed three promissory notes aggregating $693
819 to settle a legal matter. See Note 10 &amp;#8211; Commitments&#13;and Contingencies. The notes bear interest at 12% and have a maturity date of July 10
 2018. The notes can be converted into common&#13;stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest bid price during the 25 trading days&#13;prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes was $693
819 at December 31

&#13;2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March&#13;13
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $5
500&#13;at December 31

 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date&#13;of December 12
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note&#13;was $25
000 at December 31

 2018
 the majority of the Company&amp;#8217;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their contractual&#13;maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default

 the&#13;Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date stock&#13;price. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled $1
899
209&#13;and $1
699
583



348 and $0 respectively as of December&#13;31
 2018 and 2017. The related amortization expense was $698
638 and $0 for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

 2018
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $17
368 in note principal
&#13;plus accrued interest totaling $41
851 into 1
071
819

 2017
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $93
164 in note principal
&#13;plus accrued interest totaling $38
223
 into 1
878
178

 2018 and 2017
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 21
339
046
649 and 8
969
560
081&#13;shares


999
990 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&amp;#160;December 31
 2018 and&#13;2017
 the Company had 10
000

000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&amp;#160;December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the&#13;Company had 8
809
999
998 and 7
338
180
185 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding

 2018
 the Company issued 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $17
369&#13;in principal and $41

 2017
 the company issued 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $93
164&#13;in principal and $38
223 in accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes. Further
 the Company issued 4
630
081


 2018
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $13.1 million that may be available to reduce our&#13;tax liability through tax year 2037. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $2
759
000 if the Company produces&#13;sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has no provisions from income tax in 2018



 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(101


285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;307


759

580

759

590


 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority&#13;to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy.&#13;Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances&#13;in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available

 of which the first two are considered observable and the last&#13;unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value

 either directly or indirectly


 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities&#13;from Equity&amp;#8221; and ASC 815
 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8221;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value&#13;at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to&#13;fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving&#13;at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition



699

699

699

699


899

899

889

899


 January&#13;    1

099


 December 31

699

174

374

 December 31

899


 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard Maher
&#13;et al (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Plaintiffs&amp;#8221;) filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of&#13;Nevada (the &amp;#8220;Court&amp;#8221;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach of contract against Peter Hellwig
 et al&#13;(collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Defendants&amp;#8221;). On March 30
 2017

 2016
 the Company entered into&#13;a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &amp;#8220;Release Agreement&amp;#8221;). In accordance with the&#13;Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and Director and

 2017
 the Company entered into&#13;a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &amp;#8220;Release Agreement&amp;#8221;). In accordance with the&#13;Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and


 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2018 to the date these&#13;consolidated financial statements were issued


 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Fresh Promise&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on&#13;the high-margin

&#13;2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby&#13;the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
&#13;the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution&#13;of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement


 which contemplates&#13;the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following&#13;the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis

 this&#13;raises substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to&#13;raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically


 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations&#13;of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018

    



000. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
&#13;the Company did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such&#13;financial institution

    


 the Company determines fair value based on estimated&#13;future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing&#13;and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes&#13;an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s risk relative&#13;to the overall market
 the Company&amp;#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used&#13;in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital&#13;requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public&#13;market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
&#13;if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net&#13;assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value&#13;of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price&#13;allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair&#13;value of goodwill

 including&#13;revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions

 2018
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets. See Note 4 &amp;#8211; Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities&#13;of Giddy Up Energy Products


 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share.&amp;#8221; Basic net income (loss) per&#13;common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017. Diluted&#13;earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted&#13;average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted&#13;number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had convertible&#13;notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 21
654
839
992 and 8
969
560
081 common shares based up the closing&#13;bid price of the company&amp;#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2018 and 2017


 Compensation&#13;&amp;#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee&#13;services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other&#13;equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including&#13;grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.&#13;That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

&#13;Equity &amp;#8211; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on&#13;the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received



 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
&#13;among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
&#13;it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are&#13;subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the&#13;period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be&#13;sustained upon examination
 including the resolution&#13;of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions&#13;that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50&#13;percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated&#13;with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain&#13;tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing&#13;authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination.&#13;As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position&#13;is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can&#13;be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax&#13;positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is&#13;not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations&#13;remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014



 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/i&gt;
 which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees.&#13;The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from financing and operating leases
 along&#13;with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. In March 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-01
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Codification&#13;Improvements&lt;/i&gt;
 which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard. The FASB issued ASU 2018-10
 &lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements&#13;to Topic 842
 Leases&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;in July 2018. Also
 in 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
 Leases&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;(Topic 842) Targeted Improvements
&#13;&lt;/i&gt;which provides an optional transition method whereby the new lease standard is applied at the adoption date and recognized&#13;as an adjustment to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new lease&#13;standard. ASC 842 will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting&#13;for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
&#13;to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. Certain areas of the simplification&#13;apply only to nonpublic entities. The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which&#13;a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards.&#13;The amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used to effectively provide (1) financing to&#13;the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract accounted for&#13;under Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments of the ASU are effective for public business entities for&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018




281


281











281

281

281


 2018 and December&#13;31



515




497



 January&#13;    1










515







 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(101


285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;307



759

580

759

590



699

699

699

699


899

899

889

899



 January&#13;    1

099


 December 31

699

174

374

 December 31

899


    



    


    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    










    
    


    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    



    

    

    
    






    



    

    

    


    

    





    
    

    
    

    
    



    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018 and 2017




 $0.00001 par value. 1 share authorized; 1 and zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018 and 2017




 $0.00001 par value. 2
000
000
000 shares authorized; 8
809
999
998 and 7
338
180
185 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018 and 2017



      


      


      


      


      



 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis D




 Serieis D




 Serieis D




 Serieis D



















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      



 preferred stock in connection with settlement of a legal matter




 preferred stock in connection with settlement of a legal matter



































      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      










      


      


      


      






      


      


















      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      







      

      




      




      

      

      







      

      




      







      




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









Fresh Promise
Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Fresh Promise&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on
the high-margin
 multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors.

On June 27
2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution
of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company
is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional
supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.




Going
Concern

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following
the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating losses since its
inception.

Because the
Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.




Discontinued
Operations

In light of
the Company&#8217;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations
of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&#8217;s
December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018
 Fresh Promise executed a definitive agreement to sell and
transfer its equity interest in Harvest Soul.

The Company&#8217;s
results of operations related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all
years presented. For additional information see Note 3 &#8212; Discontinued Operations.




Basis
of Presentation

The Company
uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;).
The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year-end.

The consolidated
financial statements include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul
Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.






The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available
as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from
these estimates.






Fresh Promise
Foods Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
places its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&#8217;s account at this institution is insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
the Company did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such
financial institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&#160;




Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The Company&#8217;s
financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate
prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.






Goodwill represents
the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
The goodwill arising from the Company&#8217;s acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity
with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable
useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
 whichever is shorter.

Goodwill and
indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent
assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more
frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying
amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based
on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&#8217;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&#8217;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment
tests scheduled in the fourth quarter.

As of December
31
 2018
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets. See Note 4 &#8211; Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities
of Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. for more information.





Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net income
(loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share.&#8221; Basic net income (loss) per
common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017. Diluted
earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had convertible
notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 21
654
839
992 and 8
969
560
081 common shares based up the closing
bid price of the company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Shares which would result from the
conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2018 and 2017 because the effect
would be anti-dilutive.







ASC 718
 Compensation
&#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee
services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other
equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The Company
accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
Equity &#8211; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on
the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received
 or (b) the equity instruments issued.
The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

No share-based
expenses were recorded for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.




Income
Taxes

The Company
accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A valuation
allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the
net deferred asset will not be realized.

The Company
follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are
subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the
period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained upon examination
 including the resolution
of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions
that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50
percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain
tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing
authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination.
As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


The Company
has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position
is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can
be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax
positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is
not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014
 through 2018. The tax year 2013 remains
open for examination.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except for
rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#8482; (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;

In February
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#160;
 which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees.
The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from financing and operating leases
 along
with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. In March 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-01

Improvements
 which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard. The FASB issued ASU 2018-10

to Topic 842
 Leases&#160;
 in 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11


as an adjustment to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new lease
standard. ASC 842 will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1
 2019.

In June 2018
the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting
for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. Certain areas of the simplification
apply only to nonpublic entities. The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which
a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards.
The amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used to effectively provide (1) financing to
the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract accounted for
under Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments of the ASU are effective for public business entities for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements.



























































































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







NOTE 8
&#8211; INCOME TAXES

As of December
31
 2018
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $13.1 million that may be available to reduce our
tax liability through tax year 2037. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $2
759
000 if the Company produces
sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&#160;The
Company has no provisions from income tax in 2018
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.

A reconciliation
of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(448
135
    
    
(250
678
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;(101
150
    
    
(56
582
    

    
    
    
    
549
285
    
    
307
259
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




The cumulative
tax effect at the expected rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December
31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
759
026
    
    
    
2
580
075
    

    
    
    
&#160;(2
759
026
    
    
    
(2
590
075
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Tax net operating
loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities of Giddby Up Energy Products
 Inc.


Dec. 31
 2018






Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities of Giddby Up Energy Products
 Inc.
NOTE 4
&#8211; ACQUISITION OF THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF GIDDY UP ENERGY PRODUCTS
 INC.

On June 27
2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
630
081
800 shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at $463
007
 or $0.0001 per share
which represents fair market value.

At December
31
 2017
 as a result of significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed
the impairment test as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling
$463
007.

Pursuant to
the Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business
plan involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
















Risk-free interest rate
 min






Risk-free interest rate
 max






Expected volatility
 min






Expected volatility
 max


































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







The following
table summarizes the change in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
2017:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
Significant
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#160;12/31/2017
    &#160;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&#160;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible promissory notes
    with embedded conversion option
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    


The following
table summarizes the change in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
2018:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
Significant
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#160;12/31/2018
    &#160;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&#160;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
1
899
209
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;1
899
209
    
    

    
    
    
1
889
209
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
899
209
    
    





The following
table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2017
    
    
1
099
696
    

Change in fair value of embedded conversion
    features of convertible promissory notes included in earnings
    
    
(608
997)
    

Embedded conversion option liability recorded
    in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
1
699
583
    

Change in fair value of embedded conversion
    features of convertible promissory notes included in earnings
    
    
(2
174
882
    

Embedded conversion option liability recorded
    in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes
    
    
2
374
508
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2018
    
    
1
899
209
    








































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Beginning Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

000
000




920
304









Beginning Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2016





300


417
724


033
129)


607
005)













252
941)


252
941)



Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of assets of a business
 Shares





630
081
800









Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of assets of a business
 Amount





300


707




007



Conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest into common stock
 Shares





878
178
081









Conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest into common stock
 Amount





782


605




387



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2017

000
000




338
180
185









Ending Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2017





382


947
036


286
070)


265
552)













150)


150)



Issuance of convertible
 preferred stock in connection with settlement of a legal matter
 Shares














Issuance of convertible
 preferred stock in connection with settlement of a legal matter
 Value







000




000



Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private or public offerings
 Shares





000
000









Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private or public offerings
 Value





600


400




000



Issuance of common stock in exchange for fees and services rendered
 Shares





000
000









Issuance of common stock in exchange for fees and services rendered
 Value





400


600




000



Conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest into common stock
 Shares





071
819
813









Conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest into common stock
 Amount





718


232




950











486




486



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2018

000
000




809
999
998









Ending Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2018





100


830
754


138
220)


219
266)



























































































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2018
Nov. 14
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018













 INC.



























  2018



































































750
000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



638
186
066

















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







NOTE 3
&#8211; DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In light of
the Company&#8217;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations
of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&#8217;s
December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements.

The Company
made the decision to impair all of the assets of Harvest Soul resulting in a charge of $217
728 in 2015. The decision to impair
the assets was made as Harvest Soul was operating autonomously during the legal proceedings
 and the Company determined that the
assets presented it with no future economic benefit. The impairment charge is reflected under operating expenses in the operating
results from discontinued operations summarized below.

Effective
August 28
 2018
 the Company executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;)
providing for the sale of certain assets and the assignment of certain (i) notes payable
 (ii) accrued salaries and (iii) contracts
(collectively the &#8220;Assumed Liabilities&#8221;) to Purchaser and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Purchaser.

The operating
results of the Company&#8217;s Harvest Soul subsidiary classified as discontinued operations are summarized below:




    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2018
    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    margin
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    income (expenses)
    
1
281
824
    
    
    
(59
238
    

Provision
    for income taxes (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss) from discontinued operations
    
1
281
824
    
    
    
(59
238
    


The following
table presents the major classes of assets and liabilities of Harvest Soul classified as discontinued operations in the consolidated
balance sheets:



    
December
    31
 2018
    
    
December
    31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    current assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
    
    
    
51
461
    

Accrued
    liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
98
938
    

Capital
    lease liability
 current
    
    
    
    
    
43
426
    

Convertible
    notes payable
 current
    
    
    
    
    
559
829
    

Derivative
    liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
528
169
    

Total
    current liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
1
281
823
    

Total
    liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
1
281
823
    

Net
    liabilities of discontinued operations:
    
    
    
    
    
(1
281
823
    



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( )U^=D\?(\\#P    !


*';H8;-I:.G#@8K;.QF;+4UBQUC:R1]^SE9

MZ-!3 EYR8.TT
=QO62LJ_E!P7@BQYRNY$I+7[Y/K
M#[^;L.N-/=A_;'P5;!OX=1?M%U!+ P04     =?G9/F5R<(Q &  <)P
M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!





MN_4OUGGMS N5[($WO^N#.J_C
HX.[$@OC7KBMZ_
.93'D?/^.[NR1L/-3K3&
MGC?2_D?[BU2\=5;T5EKZ-K1U9]O;L)(11X
)Q!'(2#%IX34$=*1@+-/9DC



M*%&&_







M )U^=D_1@'ZE. 
  -



PE;)A
MUXHU5' Z2B(W_FBH298%\^G\0R/YV@\[^+%-)Y[1?02V4FJ3D*5\LI T@C<

MA

I

*
M:2I\FE*$DP3LA]NB:R\X2BEDJ?!9BFC@O-[47#O!
4HA1X7/40H!J10R+PA'

RYX;6R-EF^OFR 4QK^*\?TNH/5/&VNR=EFV
M9$MN[K+M-6UI-5?% 6WOOOT O48!5WVA@

CSVS/*-7

47\H.(G^TSDSTP1#F5-6EX
5&]J2J

CY!XC 1%H?SB&B-S^T.D/M7\U]L=&$ITD
MT9)&2Q#Y 

M$8+]82 M44Z88B=3;#.M#:9X
=






M'P$0+0:((4#\#@BZXGMG7:D?DR;9KJOR[E3];%V3]J: )V$&\] V=F/7_6:J

]58B9'@1;@^CBQ;@&

M40EQL2B9N(A9%S&9T5CP\9*-E[0*R^*NET2=I.AO&M_\685053!13;PHUHNB

IEDO/


ZSFT_*ER=+



^OQO
M870 ZP/8)0#




X1BT
M]D%:@-9
Y 7,E_*6(FLIHA;:JROEZ=S50O.K?$:@=(2V

A
M0TGK'@/&U/A8XX6BP/!-!M7&9:-\&-@( *IJ24;$2
D1X)'_M.CQG4
I*!




R^38O#.


M[;Y*@(SQ8&L2QB
M\;T\ ;SK[F88P_N/@@H&

:_
M 5!+ P04     =?G9/**KB_5H$   !%@  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O
M<VAE970V+GAM;(V86X^C.!%_TJ4]QFPRX!I)9$Z&8UVI5VI-:O9?:83YZ*!
MD 6Z

M/!E%T% D#FMF*-!$]^.9)75AEF2PBC59+&?&/J)084U#I#   E(B%AB? 9
MIS:^
CJD(T.1P58LM&*!%5:RI956PO:/.9&1?$Y2Z0%3B+F)!5.C)5.IJ-



M965T-RYX;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U ECI

8J

M?7
\

-_ #_LSM;M-C


!QN\(]2!F(4

&]D4^B

TTL65E+WS1DTL*$7QEW$7

X3+!U0#(!DAEP&_.P
5%4_IE[7F36#


$96Q'O


MNL;( @$5XP





MVV[;
 S]%4$?4#E.TF:!;:#I

]%X*#6=+7*\4MV\GD&;(Z8:^.YY%T_K@8$76\0:^
M@O_6G2U:;&:IA +MA-'$0IW3^\WQM OQ
[/<3;!V0
M3H!T!AQB'C8FBLH_<L^+S)J!V+'W'0]/O#FFV)LR.&,KXAV*=^B]%IO](6/7
M0#3%G,:8=!DS1S!DGU.D:RE.Z3_P=!V^756XC?#M'PH_K!/L5@EVD6#WWQ)7
M8FZ3OY*P14\5V9.DR.EZ76<Y(5W'MC[-+[)[_!QVI^X;81VY&(\OFSL?VV

MG# 0_17+'Q O+
S1MRUQO@=<1I1+
M=[L[IKC0M

6OH/_

)E5R

M

N%.W@T\D74OBOH/24U-'R0_MF




MP1'J\(
MAH3&A^





M\ !*!2(OX^?
7#@Q*?HT1EXTK*P3K4
XN7HL7KM
-_:\1'7@INQL_0JW_
M8(NAH';A^,&?S31FD^&PGW\06[YQ\1M02P,$%     @ G7YV3S=GIM&T 0
MT@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T




QV!G@524JR9+/9
\6%ID46

-_ #WVIV
M]BL4@D%
MV@K4Q$=TX?MX9@&? 2\1CLXDQ)6?$CV \53G=A(1 0NF O?;!1Y!RB#D





FS


MX4$)YJB




  !D
]P?&7-F%N[*]-#A36VL%AY-VS#76Q!5!&G%^&YWS;20'2VRZ#O9(C.#

MEY0!N#Z_LG^*M6


&PO

]J)1$FEGJZJ5



M93$^!7R3


45GE


GE1U
FN25=QG8




N:(!

FG4


4SWWE$S%?X4K2(2'3#!&8:2+*REZ

5#

3;

$96Q'O

1L-;[KI!['Y

M='


E IF


F&*
PRL65%+WS1D\J
MF(H6K^



M 5!+ P04     =?G9/2/U-8%

O

YC:



R=
MP.XQ&&'LW.


M\74@T$(28+C\


(^MP$  -(#



M/



88O8C9S!//L









MYYP+7--1JE?= !CT+GBG

M
'_ZH[(KLK4K8!.M[)#JH




M[(AFS&'T!4F7A#$LB\2-1QH/^ETW#Z)NAPX]


MHXUDSINF);8WP.H8) 6AF\V!2
85+O/H.YLRUX
37


_&6V1AJ;D$9;E6R$!3X
?M\90%? 3\XC#:U1Z%
M2BY:OP;C:UW@34@(!%0N



MLO(N4_%(8^








M'D./3Y]% TDF-4



$%     @


G5 #8$
YA3%D^C@TTT:!:]AIYK+A5+
MJ&#D)(D,P(FHA34Q;

T]6IY5W:!
T%Q



M:%8)



[DV]GCE*G1BDWVMY.

$%     @ G7YV3_SF\O'I 0  \@0  !D
XB\I3?


4$7\L



MP*

F

06TUE
$.LG


M8% I



MQ7:R+
19LZ:%G0S4F7
J_VV B7X=QN%;X*DYU=H&2%ET] 2_0/_N=M*LR*1R

M^5U.A+2=X++0 9GKM0O5-.RD*(/Y'!9';7?1+Q*S6%6-NC.SNV9:I6)7LHD
MRPIRL4(C9C-@DBM,/&(49]2)%B*3?*!GMPFV'Y$I)]D2-$B4L=/;XJ8X0(9

O4+N8VZ
S% C
T1@X1G!
$O/(*91;B1'#62(P*Q9P3#
M)'B2.9IDC@BD7A(,XWV@6PSSR?TO4
+1

;(_QXAO3R8?&^RXS/ 
_
MJ3PUK0KV0IL.YOK
40@-QF+T8+[1VKP\TX+!4=OIW
SET'^'A1;=^+20Z7TK
M_P-02P
$%     @ G7YV3YPS

M+W-H965T
P6#(103IDJIJI5:*KFK[[2;@,Y@
M:COA^N_K#XX0XKN7V%YF9V<6OEZ+EYD!:UX:U<A562G5+A.2^@H;*!]Y!


M74
O)_O .-EQ_F(.WPZK
F;JF?=?8?!#PF P_QTNP#3<*-$U]IQ)^QOL
MSU+Q9F#14AKZZM:ZM6OOGI!T2/
GX$!CPEQ]F%
B0DUP1; 3EEUNIGJFA9


GF\FYQR2S#FX^A#@9:'*1&A G.W-D




M\1M

MJ*Y($SN%L130;PJ0);,M/J)2YSSD:/VX\U8'TFPEVL7F:ED^;=F375K5#9

KBJW;('8:Q
8@N3)X
M7+5A-:G1]%:3;H

MYH! (_4T4W-N?T
;2#9
-PR:K[GR/U!+ P04     =?G9/22KJ



2E)4




0G*U'M2=KDZPOL%A;/4TY6:


)Y[4C/]VXC
MQ+#S/%XWT&'^0 ?HY9
S91T6\L@N'A\8X)-.ZHB'?#_Q.MSV;EGHV!
ATG_GN:/0%-6A.)+_)H130OB6
M$&GS1IFV^A$+7!:,C@XS+VO ZIL(=J%L9JVNG?ZF73+9?16HC0MO)LBFC '
M@T$+3# C/

MK;I@
+'&]*9(DN=Q%J[



T
MOV%V:7ON'*F0]UW?RC.E J1

M_ M02P
$%     @ G7YV3[$)9SE4   2T0! !0   !X;]S:&%R9613=')I
M;F=S+GAM;.U]:7/;V+7@Y[F_ M7CO$A5H)J+2%'NI*=D278KL67%DCO3]6IJ
MB)!6T(8 #0


M+Y=%'
W+VSBN[M+OA_W^Y/N[*
F^^_%/9?+CGZH?3_+9ZB[.JB#*YL%I5B75

M




M-K@=P1AS&N=U&MW4GRZBM&R




M1;R(87WSH
2O !DO 7RPRZ




MF^5WL
M?/??&H'_3X.11&TL
2]IKC=Y/B^#2[B

MV2I;61T^8.T)+_UUG







MB$HU+:SEA. PJM2()U&0QC=P





MG$7'T


V@ZIL<Q7FX47



M@N+QRMH(VRM3R$:PU@0IB7JSO2!'(X!.'E +=/
8%HQA\!LL^(EN29PB%O
MDYO;WAU99
/@;I5620^8?XH(

_3-JVSA**[[*]W&:TC86L' QP8J=I@14


M\]WQZ?EW;+KT8 'R3CPC U64L;@FDX!(@X\BFZ*F,6G^UNX[-=KVIO R;PV
M9QQOE71(ZCX]_V,9E*OK,IDG@'!A\:9S]?!QV5PFL7%S1J70K#59_8=O?#=

MQ&L'*F4+8:!M[P47JP+)4J5'/-+'X*U/)30T_K)$5E[2/LNEYBKBM88?TG*
M#:(H&T: TMSA.[0 .Q-GX(EJ%Y(A//T


N&#F:O%+0R9*:T^=QO!
M@-=QG*&=8AFA=F+VX1[C/=P[+7\@FL+]N




HC&-R.*(0B



:7AZ8/(6IUQ[8P6


BJ
M#5A1Y*L;%BR2=M



&8I

K6.(V#
0G#B^5[P&A_8.^VH0;!OD*XP#F[$
NSP

C+?+ND.R8 -$)EYLUEL2].$Q N$572U83
M!0C$(3\RCS\%[G='9W!%DAF*)I$6&A^6:EB#1.S#:T4D0 Y.$^/2(6AX5^ZB


MMU9)76
MS2DM.[6MH05!^Z3R)(2,A',5X66YPH3T,RDL^Q
$:D9(ID0 %G=&LX*XU9
M@

$PZ]*B8!HPK) ?$@36_1*F*3&-6-#VX
M 6+#^/0/N-UXAA1)8

8Q;]

EG2'7\=SBL0Z@2L!VB
M QZ3;'?LJOS:]'%R=FR

+Z21?A9P7X02

M4$.X
0E=-#A$0


(M
MG^D81(!-0E8$A\1H$C73J@GND.D+(N



?2+BNG(5;#A)]C4 




V


B
MN[H#NJZ4Z





VV8Q$VTOFEEPW8-.D$TNUTO\99R&IOQLB*!

H
MWC I';&9-I49#$6U5W
JU7&\V?X+4PC<E\-27!)

@4 .-FT2ELD:E*.:XC 'PRT/(7(
= Z732U%N3
5&YX \YLQ$:$BQ%@(PE5R4Q*D8VZ\*+4O23I:H.5
M;VE':D8G?A;1! GH.Z?LWI;ZBQ90V9M? 2?EPHS2NUR)D<K:6WI[JWIZS
M'4?;0[6.19?Z4!L@Y0R5E

M;HANS


Y3WT^
R6T9KY@.MD
Z94#*_)UW&L3%X*&9E$F(%;XW_%


ULP+#-%@MS(_N([A&&.^#PT'MXX_P.$X8*#;
MY7T4L!

[T^13

M%/=E#61D0+*
@F_A)1T TBD8CH
\+&+IXFD)[%07CG0T1BD785R)U$XO;DIXAL;3< D

M0DATY(@Y4E;@2@ =]_'09ERWCN!




!=&1)0(5A 8-S'2!+(7LV;
3X:2A!*LZBU 8PF2LK



N#.WT_/<Y[_

%.3&X

NR$!5B<P;P/=XK




!O_
18.D%%\
M#? \]Z*[C;%0ARI@E0G6



7


 F

PBTH;K1(*VN8S!\_)WA&
M3@BRT9@

8*-Q 0_1RR_1HI/
M1SG'N)?*1KWI;.9&6C5GRR:59

MD\
3O+K]J:/0!









$JT:2Y


-

3:/G6/#$U*C;5

/@[=OC
7&JVGDK








M2Z\J$8_WZZ57=3+)B\& VC22;^7%D'HW-E(O\-(-]\/]_7$MD80+HG
4)FJ:

MFB?2L^A1:_9F+WU*2\@KY%$VMX0M+WB]#;GCF;5(H?T@M!)4P5Y
P^%DU&JP

M'ESL!7\#
YTD!2*F(DW^(E[.\JN#J7<1YNW]QB?H;?X;

M[_[&X\5R*!@U5.^Y$7(Q+Z
D4#1'Y
;HP@VF9N.2J6VS$CSD4%^%'$TIM23L



'
MZF-FZ_JE.<B*M@W/SN @'.T?['+,,EK2=ME*URQ*P U[<8;]PX-P.AK8&5J-
MPSHMC^JVEK8)SLST5); LO:&6(^,B7FI;!?8:]W)4ME D-8\'1R& XF$ZP-

-F!^ .1H-#C\;<*#<Y?%ZX
DQ[)
M?4;QDR ^%',*YJ6,EYKD9_.'ZU@D5ML[N;7J;B(T1W0GVXEI[$=+GG@C]
M_?$S2&@2WL'ULH&.X@[
B7@%V@=]JJE'E_!IS-FS:PVUW-8(I_ -6\/)DZ[(
M]
$K

H_K.#;'-9FT];&8YQN%K]-=LV@_Y1S!.UX_
 Y
M;KYL]?F_]AS'SW&.WX3D;3JE43CI$H$[#@GU%3;(
?UD_=FUW.QWG=ETBF?F

8:OG..P)NTJV..W1

MMKVOT+3


M1@MP[5W 1;[8GX0'?188Q).NLP)(/-]2 %=?(6)LY9:/1AJ-_$SK$)#=2W

X

MF3Q@B@F4I
'25E)WVYTO


MPT/&N1$IF]-Z9@?AV181F.



M4.


MFH



M;\S&%K?K+ERG@@+N'5:]B-N8,O.%0Q*9J+THN_1B!JYXY.OY@K9]VR9;^1
MDPBUTW R

MP8M]H.CC 4MG@[!_





N\MS7NM






-=^QJI461=Z.5^O:@$\(B[



ME[OT9;F
9O&?OZ-B9



M)7-QDNE_A:;?NW])J7




M'H!X37VX@(;I*/XZ5-=^Y7;QVI44R]/.F$B1
W9EV

M%QXOZQ1
)Z2RN@-V97P&+-F#=A_:3JV)KN- 7DM;TZ%V=+KQK:@B%(]DZG:[

A?V?)Q!E*9K(%)B7S
V
M.7&IJ_J.I


[Z .T@M)]6-99Q -V][1@7L\.VZ



CUU9B01
M*;U]QIC-_P



FHV

MR 6Q1F%PG*('/@M^V@N^_Y!@G?DYD!T]RC4B]+ :WS#\IQNU)-&\&VR6-B&
M-]SX/(+*CVUX/5[?Z+@#W2Q@@6NFOZ,#_GR7]%MS60/2RF0R$4KRU-QRH
MJ#$%?W#\!=%M&)1][H@F89/5UK;WF#EQJX0+$

M-IL#S38;=Z*TI6B



M@121/6J+POG*4](ED@









MW3( (W]VD_F9QN^N=Z;1I![6.*/^NMB9











!.
=P7T!JF1DZH^7P9NC
D!


9'FM.H78*JA)1ZV;


MJ##[/+

D
1

92'I)9=#(#U%)JI5)

M@L#$+/*VI&)TYZ5ULB4W@K5FDV; VF8S*%=%F-XLI4)\Q-UK362R$!=!\\
M?-$N@89'@G;9-.0Z4=[(4LUX9S:HJ.T3M?F35E&O/1J.@ZN*(HE-I0LG(\?U







M0



\IFHJCX



U8T_YA


MCDNR$A'D
;TK9KXDEDM7



IA0#AY4ID.-@PJK1XL4MQQ.F4.R^7&KEV\AD=<VRVQY)



0MY@CVC6
O<*YH=Y*DZE4L;OP-@@@*T
30BT^PQ!YW!C10Z_(BKLQ'5]SO1;9
ME68VVU/=V_-Z0QLE$K5%J6):&VH#I)RAI-[U-9V+647C$Y




M?6MU76HG!YA)&-KO*M04F+TWB&W@(QJ



M VR4;-UXH19L94#[!0;5!KI^8*YE$J.R*1.'8(W

7J@E0;ZD6GD+E:,\H38.4EAH@[M=K7EM355-45P+0&I

M5T[(9N1^ TT-IG+FB:?8B)[$=4 -KJM\D9F\',,*OOB.# Y]N-1EZFUL0R
M4KD8TP)

M@QZ&]D0]!VQ26A5]@E&

]7Q4,K&J ,9]6JF.KB8\KM$Q'4
MKE,A57W&3KRD(@!99Z:I J@(X#
'

M)C-6DOW+(;6(I!B_QF13:]2&J+!KO&J!J\3Q6Z.F;

M2$V46*K]6YZ!]




[?3\]SGO\PO



 7

M

MUQ]G



Q:
=/()==D6VB)
M'BQ?Z



Q$YYXQ[_=F2=:-7)R



Z=X05LWY\CO7=(L+^60SZ:'7R_5:1/V[4K44&7BIK:7 !2
M7-9-;IMK(!(@0/5*8I3=00^-R[3=C;O0_:MLT&%S/4AUQLQ!P=86_'@L!].




MF!\
]\/1X/W 8OTGGM6N.SPH ]#96IOR9R4PNYK47];T=S?N_T_'NGY__(

/=M

MUH9B$_UP

Z+'9?MTK+GKICB)
ZQ17-MX_<<FO16_I'BO+59]

^^R*/[HK;M94XSS]KLLR)NLJ.T6Y+9DQRTM
MN8\PV3X

&FJ533=8G6;
M9&!MDH_?=3!HXEKG1_J;H2YP7__4*(.^O:;^&IEN&H%&7;4R[I)&DAB:=!H#
MH''G$:
VM+D?R4;4N25KI6A=DMB.FC]/VM;:/FIS26*):OQ





!8GNTBWPRK5]#9\31UQ;&:

686T_;
!2 _XJ5


1UF_8R)
MUNDS63LP8^'@W.AV+M7#

LS-I/&NHF?._1LI)*-?(
RE&RE7[YK(]^T


%#I

)ZV5JP-VWK2
M-HTPKRRW4@=]-GFM

MCV'

88\'+I
MOL:4E$;RQ!ZY4(5N@-V)!:PL+66-/+$VSH0T[%[4+; ?(PFP9=8SS*'7ER

M
2F'Y)\C$;9QYW/

MGOY%93WF:C0IV_#$MEG9WYOL=]&)!8
%#AMC4N[AB=WS 1//8F 

9



M=M&%41S'&V6G


-!# ]*PD$)/&@5#EK!@];AH#4\
M:!



M5BR;M*0


JPF)5A
2O#
M8E:&Q:P
BUD9%K
R+&9E6

M%     @ G7YV3Q\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !     %]R96QS

M% 

M% 
P1

4     =?G9/RATQ^K
!  #2 P  &


  !D              ( !;28  'AL


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$R
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )U^=D^37@XM@$  -(#   9              
M 4,J  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
3


O

4     =?G9/:A/]KK0!  #2 P  &0

M   ( )U^=D_Y\@^ZM $  -(#   9                04P  !X;]W;W)K












RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     =?G9/B3@[/0X#  \






M% 

M $M$ 0 4                492  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( )U^=D^&/=AA
 (  -\(   -                5VC  !X
M;]S='EL97



 'defref_FPFI_IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_AccruedExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=FPFI_OperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_CostOfGoodsSold1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_GoingConcernAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_GoingConcernDisclosureTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LaborAndRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_ImpairedCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockOptionDownRoundFeatureIncreaseDecreaseInEquityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_DerivativeLiabilityExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_DiscontinuedOperationsTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_ConvertibleNotesPayableDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_PrincipalValueOfConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_IncomeTaxesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_PreferredStockIssuedInLieuOfCashInSettlementOfLegalMatter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_CommonStockIssuedInExchangeForFeesAndServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_DebtIssuedInLieuOfCashInSettlementOfLegalMatter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_DerivativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInNotesPayableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_BeneficialConversionFeaturesAndOriginalIssuanceDiscountsOnConvertibleDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_CommonStockIssuedInConnectionWithAcquisitionOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_CommonStockIssuedToReduceConvertibleAndPromissoryNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNetLiabilityPositionAggregateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOtherRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_PreferredStockSeriesD0.00001ParValue.1ShareAuthorized1AndZeroSharesIssuedAndOutstandingAsOfDecember312018And2017Respectively1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_RecordNonCashDerivativeLiabilityOnNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisWithUnobservableInputs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

M11)C$&#C(9GSZV\^J@H%/B1*X@.4
#/=0Y% 5596OBLSZY?_^V





MGC1CM5K-D]:)^'SU^4*TFG_;_]$'\#^Y&?S4;K9.?FY_:K7P7^V;ULG[9N=]

WRU

M=_##.]RA1K/5.&CIQQ/97PCRT3OX53\8I/%ANW5\W_KX?UGC8&KCLV+_3=




MKO O;]( )=

M@8^_] 


M!PIBTNROQ0+

ATQQ \
U6%N\LP@ I










M91R;((KIT

M)N/EE]AJ-O[&X]NOSQOVBCC]G'7 TN/;DF3A:/9TI_KCT]\#MW!TM/TW35
M/$-I 'ODLQS$*WP=I)X;_D.ZR6/7TK 7LFBT60*@3I%G\-


M&&UVVK_'

W[^
M1YG^9T9:/!T2U^
FP\_SIC


;#$#Q2\:CO(6#D
M*D;K0Z8W
/O'$.R3I4'Y]S#[


M8#!L




MTQ$:H81



M#IM[(!@@QT/$?W

%RGL9- /
M/!1V

MSD IC

@0:#^%OT-0


]2.M@G@)MZG%H -:#$?@X(:T99C #
M&V8IW;E!:E8Q0338%[\!^N!9\+C#R2RYTXP^X)/*C!5+)7$^&-*C08K:WB/V

HY2*$

3
3;8X^S-ZK]?B3];B=ETKP
M%

U-;L$\

M'?&@^;

$]5A:$]/?%9_RQ4
Q!A
S'QF\JI;B



M0Z=&&OQ+

MC0OR2Q6\E [R:EEZ*,9-'*_@RVKT5L$RL?, ^0HN_T^F#A6R ZSE!RCE!\


MLBQ&]]8-0GR4L9)JQT3R;PA5!@3F1^U 02?$=/=:,#L 5J0=19]*(C6QQ3
M=I-D0MJ]V)$%&VX0@)$Z6+4?H



*Z9[/'^YPC\NGBK)3UD8]Q


@4D!\#H!;80N5\)V@J#6AV(38D
V38CB6
_IDU?D%S;)4<FP1)$5###.LP4HG%*9<JNK81?$IAM$('W[Q=1NH'9

XA%MRP

&HNGL

R)*^



;
5KY.$;WK-B)GUPP8$RP7M (D$VDB[8F6B)


)LU!+649W=Q(\WDV.25*C05UD01*J*:OA!;
MG^R+:WPGCB1GG?JJ*



B2=J8U


[1YID5:[2C2;_@0ZTI+9
MQ S)5@X

MNH&

AVK%E'!FUV4/QA#4@1GF6GD.*+\P^HFKS
M9R0+19XM$%.%*?S@'KDED1Y$C!G07)391($\_
997G\%%-*
/9U@XN9^V39
M/I]_ ! @0XG8^3DC(Y63
4.C6EPW@Z.NV 5^9-71]/H
US@A)2N !=+8-






*S8[8Z%5]AWA*5(NR+T_NV

MW-
2D%BJ9JPI663JW6G
8R5B0V_[2]-\ZU!RM
V-CT1D2/(R2E==(5 !S*W+

MA%T&.XO;I

H
&;3H
QNQ7





UE;18*J

MC(Y*6*8)$&I6LPM'3 FU;Y'N_E*(-W$5JRS:??'?E%0!WW'J#[O)_24RE5B
M4EU37HH(H*4VB;ID6,[S2B46E@!6Z IRKI.4/EZJF442I8M,2N(BSX9Q
MHCQM($E,I:634H2$/?@BA3+7JT%Y:%IM86^ (HU@Z0@TMZ?R04H/X
K
4!C
MRHT*5!KX]]4QR%Q7 [-R=+\K6\E0 %?E5-/9-6+83#J30;#0E^;?N1AUB5V
ME\; R1%E%NB*



M




93N9-KQX?0CG@E
Y

SJRJGD%W8I5?U6DBEIUM)A.Z=2@9E

M  TU?7L'B1 0.ZJ7PEFM0(J^$&16#*8'?#7/EWEJ90KB'!1:NRK-[8-I-F




M/3Y]


8@C)6S/1^0

.4[P$4SKN&13!X7


XI
M)'=S!C67Y)O'Y10UT9B3E*95PG&K^U9)@)3JP^X3 85&4/'Z!)
^BM2JA])$


X
\O$&
E

M5#$]$0\ \CKX\7PO\)CI\*_(
RQK[V!5U

5
*S9<%K:(Q<\N

&$

]]YUA45#S0^


M1UHG

M*R6AK!K?.:_J'29




MZ6':%#:+5#4PZ'NG0XX03_0I+Q6154TW590!;HH65BJVN&@G3(!ORGBPJ&+F


.AFA+82
MB
JH?/P-QGY







MX/]+
^$/A=GFYAEVTN9
1JNSRPS_S'IO5EELJ5)& 6 N,7 @JH27M2,G1=E
M]4=3ZZ?J 9UMS1'U68M3!Y?,+TJ5\XU*I,D7,5*:CX!,.!U'AO%=3?K+97OI
M4PA.IU/77?G=5$K+A2F@D& @P^

M-1
[*XOS6

MF>[BD9;*KH)?X=]&,2=\\##6.JZ; /TWYT,UN_&:GEP%7FQ7:@&I\%2WD
MIH?1:67F]9JDEY;F\P5(.=Q;,C)*



ZW/]U2^V+(R9SF/OPY%5$V4O
(-V258JT8\VS*Y



*R^(\\+8]1.5SWC+L[XTL



:M_CPP#EL'U5HY2_-:#F+(X(:O2H-R53/



MCZS

M-.L R0#S6/#3@\4*]L5I2FU] E]QL3




*1A(E^&[H2:/XU#ZH/$9(E2/*%^47/I


M:XK#FX3N@C D4!+IH?HG!IR]J#O#H()NHZ4I\*DT]'+)Y2I/TAQ)((O-7IUJ


X :0B%
EUU

9V T QD
M7_2#R(V\0 5CXSYH!W7;.PA5$*_ 5'\D^^(_XU2.A^)L7YRY49RGDI4_33AT


&J?!O$M2#N-H7_P5&RG=4

N[G%(^X@&-?^7PLR$AZ/\PO

M+\XR$.LLZ
'/#*(-D_T



M4UPQ
X\+2(3

7G)3E52\1[V8@I5_K

M:_-CMW6H]MFAVN?%5;KM%;@['^5 E7.H4RVGE/F+D]M7

M/3IQ6D?+-C9]F6[RL]=P$7D)M4
.HIE#]Q3+F](

M^BBYN#8)ZQ-

WE'M5&_$G#EQ.IW7U4_\V:LX*W(I@'+O90
S]6S&
MQE1M3X6VX.79['M=\




M5]
QZNA)

@J&QU7.KH[#4D75[60^$/=^:YE_Z[=:7MLVG_


MPO]!+XO 


MW






3E 4]4*;H/8&?@UM]L1;=
MEBI]U1




?
U5UB63ZE@:'H^]P#78LL!P!%]0[2:2

M5YT\-[?V.8$H^2?IBOAAXEZM-4=HK(VY9Q-V*:;7:L_3 LO3=OOAW(;%/HOV



C!
03'&-\:-




M:C/$\9 (7M]];&:9

M23SS&M9;8WC#[/:DVRD6-6;4MX%V5W#[P/D/]&+!_-0@^



[G%;1RZ

MP^[1_LFR%UBM&Y&[;Q
KX'63E<U0!MBYJ:


@*:)3CTCP



#\
(_^)G##LC







M[+?$* C#@ [JW RL]PEVP2K:AX(
 )
]QSY2.8.0N3^L)B[9
(GS ; K?$NR




MF98/Q8 2)'8R8CK(*1L@4?W3VJV?-;G

MRLRCI:#90+K



M:^P84#E*:377M+OM3M
Y.EY6#&\0@8OER2/%Y]:J/*XS
OB
.8^_DL?5-Q:E
MDJ KP?Z*Y.7*Q.[S!=MZ6R683WNM9LMI=:I2N+%ZL39E 'TL&T KV_#[IUF/



KBECO931Z3:=YO%C@Y.;I8P=L-]^EVGZ?EZN7H5TS+9G


MN-2RJ#6[KV1LNKP







M[L1=3
'!7VA]Q#8V-IAF1&X6HJ

] D&-)YX.(S'JRHA[(A





?18YWU89UZ#:7(\'Z\GL
M#GN:8&:LC]/Z-J[0T'9#9-M

M^^(B

M%: [\A$]J1AI7K
7_V'9H2-%L_)#;%!V



M'1


5PI8*JW



DK:XJ;+:Z=55A756XU=.#:@!6
M U-7%59L'^X-8=32J)9&-3!U56$%J3VLJPJK!TQ=55AKX H4VO@&IBZJKN
M*MPM8.JJPEJ;5A&86IO6P-15A7558=6!J:L*ZZKNJIP0U6%W;JJL*XJW#FL
M5H^UZJK5[7=KZ6J\$G5@XO2^]9456B@F*XN7'%5X0/+VFI1RH.P[4)RY330

M]DACMR[\7

M(@'


P6^T4<).Q)AR5O/#?&Z=D?\IQOE0$!F
M<M[TXT?*E2H$U8(PU
;+G5^7I/:H+.CHYJO2NW.M5+Y^!\FQ0SQ;(P3E'
M0$76N'6'O7=/JTJ\H3G


M


N!^ES(0;
MBCT
P4OJ !%.'#('-





M\CZ(9S$


\5FR9 D^:5[-X3JX*?(E#^=C1%SZD# 7R-L8M7#3RB@;I
M*9I[;);?@913%H]#?(Y ^&AMC0*4(=G0!8
&?3] 011G\#LH-H1V!&
D-%H!




50. 'X%


XQ# !^C





MA'MX117&]P+ED_7S.]% 'J(LA#T*+:5#,:T[X4?AYL?J*B)&]V@E[/\&&8
M @_8

M(!$FK0?P$\8)*;L0'+^([:D4&
EC:T Q0338%[\!^N!9SPUU3-XF=YK1!WR.



XD;C.HL.
$VXN_


OIBAYS
MECD'!P3/=+LLT08J/OI_D MDPY
8O\/CP!#** A&'A\@&V4O#H48KR%M$1




















]?1_J3D:B@4%7
C?



SFO!Q<Q]LFR?SX_<!TBP\D8

MP%7)?27144(%:DB@#@S6HI1








.!S9Z4W'14%W+E&I/KRVI5UZ@5
2)M


M.4V8N2J1?TY71Z:&5


MUO71TH.2B#


Z^^1O4ARS9\71
M*H4J)!B-W .Y6 D'+.X=1@-BU961M:1=6#


M*CPJOB-]&IBR
[*0P!MA\IE0.&

UE;58VJI XS#HR]$0;?)9F[0-QX


MD3J:Z]6@/#1MO+!-09$^8IJQ
T3:TS

]2J!AO&-_1(DX
MTY*2$0MKS$+KHH.






* 55V4ZFQ2_8'CGGP%.!M]5V


ME

F+

(


C1ZRY#?V=4CK


)*$%!3G,L#'4Z@@EVBB]IE OY\'T/C*E3L
T

K'6Z(*V5AIE9K+E&A;&7Q?
&YT)ORO:S8A0Z$6ZO]=8R
M&=3M)%3_B:R14((0B'@&D-?'BX6%_Q

H86^\7=#&%
=


BLC/UHLJ@.BOZTDRASYR+?:.(?5G0

S2 _&K%=.L=UY=JZS6;IZ
<CE,)*U?WA2SX 2)?IOJ8$ 
MZ17WX@Q$:/$T




/S3L@)!#6ZK!2J#6Y5XH$O*D17.S]CO;/KE1AWPR359 7
M9W&:&1!4([$4S3C_D13P&)-PI13R&

M31C^FL1I:F#@

M($RZ%/R1U*CSS]OD2)-!/SGBJC*B*G$C!4RZRJZ6:K1M4:I9MII80PZ Z*
R,F<YC[\.151-E+S#=DE6*M&/-LRN=87Q]*=R&V#BUM6





IJ
KD+4Z37




YEJ
M7ZN6
+6$V?J

YVBY)(@Z.V/[!+SM

8-YN&:A?VT1C!K 5D-.533

F%:G
ML+UA-E0-8$;C.+*O5IUWW:17[(LZ6J%F8(H:Z#9KZW;);/9V/.I:4VJYH-LM


M231?)4'D!6
K:H









E(



M81CGEO'CF6&:YX;;UO(.CFT3H/X4R\+[^1;$IC96_9^9X5CG+FLVJVQ&CM\G


(U@@?9= ]XCM%+$&6T32S^T+-O%4NVKRC !8.\A:/



MF.A- =GZD5GM.[S6YRVQ/P+);;[0YYCW)F%)3G; B6$XIZH.$P7=$V\;9!)3
MIP:G*:HB2;J:J9Q:W

 O:][RPU X(?)R#%?IG5J



M_1
)4.?/(V.?;14EV(?SXO@UPG@YQ5Q4K?:8LSJ 9Q8DW=QHI[;IGBK:L!]:


M2SY][RY4?V!J6M@. ]@$YJC(G

MD7OBK^0:F

MC5:BTV[Z5O1RW%SZ;L!LS

S7#T;'UOPN=L]$P;%)C^]L]Q

$T[/@


D8_'$^W+
M^W3@O
_!R7]P@





Y


2 1O;V%P-HG:: +0(Z6AW[%
MF=GU75G=F$DCQ=P2OA9% ]7

@@8U@.SGF PV)G1S:IIUK1-W\*



_3![QSZ@4S^@CQ;!D[=*2&CV5]5Q?GE7'8J;P)^++

X1EBMH


M/7).N5@L\-1\.
W9@PL!IJL)-FCG

M+)67+Y?1TU.0TG;K%Z%_25W%!Q0N^$[!QUC 2470Y;R-T1+A6?J?TVCQ5SLO






M7G.BW]S3%WF5#4$BX%E!D;V









Q\+?


M2\1I XFG+K$)DD8:+.F*(0?1D3*=(^G@



%/226
/UKC=#YJ


M9V^%DM\]'WT-?13?TC0--(]OL_M5L)@O
0YR8=*=7VQ5J_C!YR+0V#+AW(
M?O92U4-H 7%Z&];WP946.[!A],JB#]\6]%6JZR@FA1JE2KX[1 BL+UZZL*:
MP61%6!'#S![
0A@.P




J/%5T
MC@(2@#N?$(I$<IM'+T$/O+?OWY-B+B*4N$+\F3(_HNFHIZ0I:M.M82!D3HL
M;@#&
5*O+QZ0U6L(&E.GE:7X-JOTM4ADC\_FJZG88JY:?VJH]P@L1U]6K:
M


(%N/=FZ;KE'-U':XC#PI:T
M$FNH][X26V'J5+]D.6_.M?=VLQ/9B^= N$?!H3+3L_(&$6N\+-)E)M( %S
MH/9*# 5@9DF$@@TW6@B@=J..X'=
A K(

M%L5!Y.]ZI JLCL_5N+0P$%.-7E(KFJD]8HYC )R.XPQ 1)G
A1*N !]B_1

MWL1@5&9RZ*J?O&D=!P_8#UMM]M9-.#R9AW(S-39YWL#XNIY[6PM5Z2[4W 9'



MGR0W? V]_%(?^9L-'/#@+D2++5O1UHU*@]8CA Z8 I*6]@7%S4$C 65A) .
( ,:X]PP+&-'2E5B@GC$N(/Q6(6DQ/(I&XWPS%-PVV&LTU
YD
C



F

JSL/]% Z0OC2

M   ( )U^=D]B L=KR@X  %.F   1    9G!F:2TR
#$W
3(S

M&CD2_GQ7=?]ACJJKRU4=QF-ODK4WWBW;F!2U=O 9.[N;+UMB1H J@T0DC0WW




3 3ZB0B'H9?E\N
M*J29W[8B8H:5E+*^BUA)PNKC')_ WL&(/;: T%(QT#QTF\=NPAZ*Y@BAZ:+*

Q&$\YFQ!AXSYJKM/5*7W[I&J
M@@
\P51V&)^T\1% =CN6X@
B38;S@2\1&6JF.)*?)P7;%)-T64
NC-
&[%
M):IL.B707:'@+Q]47)\J/]Z#+H[Z */5BD845PLZ?:APGU/_BDHBYVH$X!/=
M5


9:1
MX3
E9D
?@775:(]C2U\R*EA ?CQG5B.HP6]&CDQZ2WBH-\82P*HBQ;/DLWF
M/ZYM?N=-1NZ_]ML=YOUAKVI2MR@51&YHIQD=L




MI

W[



M.ZKM_?;\'0[4= X+!CF_YX@*Y*6Z775[\W[Z]8CJ
%.6E)^VU]&/
?
9=D
M$.!/3&)QB^8(/D?&KR*:;7^4MWU*C*/E.+&@_39]7S+O:V;UT8;6/2*3?+F*

-OYA[R=HZJ.KKO?5NT@
MPO4#E1N

MY=+.Q&!VP+OBB+X0I?.=C+#]=D

MY(UW*;:TV5%OT\










M=4



KL03Q0FJAP
!$TFHN#]R%D[/





;+
-57




M(_O(S7H^'KS@I%=
G.;QH89$%R.'K6JI6%?M0(H(RT=&=01U*2QL*-974W\C

KDI=L7^UT$6^4X

MW-7



?O7

MP7

M/4QSFWKVQLF(4!0DB8.^






-@AFH5[GM






MIM]OET5;2MDYWNSAVG952&2).T?=9EZH2LZI?T5!PKQ+AXQ/=)OG()
C;W$8



M^66P-;OQ]Z[FT7IZ'EFL:&H\RK] UC!T5;/:K&#J#:P&W4JY=JC6AU;TTA[X
M^#]02P
$%     @ G7YV3]9


C
Q



RZ_.?YV++$C_
GZ_+J[/W5


%39_ H:'DGL-/2'C


M@+D8

G$PXI89_41X



MASWPX7H3^J(EG_8H! 0%T+9M
=,NA^WA U'(= */Q_KM]]-%:A(5-W:F^ '9 :4\UE]#YJKZK4X[[5E
M-RO(TTT^?1PCZCYS%_6
4C2/_U\2[+9M[\JL=C0LP,O=*_W_.\,!'KU$7:0
MD^ 10FFKB,L_%LCBNKL%!B!2O\*L0

1_YTZ3

*)]Q-?$



 PCCP2)8!V&D=LW4M26JSN:9&RXM0%T:(.2\KBL[O)
M[S

9LP
MQF


9E@FR(HMNM&_T]P-)T:


MPH8Z2W+#-2_+%ML$/A-

M=']/C3#


J'IEXDWL  5$%H#U%

MIR$DM*#(G

I=TJFA8M21ZC@*W.)6T4%HZT.# @R[1M)R^(WSKQ&:T)]]R\8










9B-=)8Q*-\

\WW/2JZ$T75P#I %-UM


ML.L&[/KI?A=[Z4O0&;Y^S/















45



M\G]02P


C
Q
M7V1E9BYX;6SM75MSXC@6?M^J_0]:IK:FIVH)F'2ZATQGI\BME]ITH)+T[-:^

NM?3$TQFG5ZW
MJW7^^^7N49^C!6R;-B='1ZU0BFO)DM/Z_7['^S8LFBJYFA KK..T$\*)-+-O

M5M1HA3QYC4VPA1[0%/#_F3M%M4X)HO

?=H@<ZA



R?KK\H:M;6;K


)ECLA6J8TXL=(\=1


M][W%PG2\&EAWO?+&HAG;(2E







MUW+V=LI0/(F9?6S:7LSLCKU-X$8K!]D&
D+D7&%1SW#8QUQ9\(1. VT02L5?


L(9H+:PG
M(%K\@2XFF6.+-R9
(9UX X-+VS




M]3I8W8H($A0OE)CT6CN/%6F#8Q4#1.3TND?/SK.684-1!(7KSD/'PD
9](P4

KX=;K7Q

*)I%XR!H;A
MM1RTQM TAO857)H.M/*(D8H]9XVK#2
IWP#AI%$O80\\RFLCXP82V[1G-(^I



M
O71E)G)UU?*XT






M3G\_X5@0XAI-6'.XXDY=D/9F


M;*H!FWI*;X/
*S\29OVZ;98G B*9\E/UY9=_)



]'NKS1ZO(@OC!9!Z1BU*M
M-WV)7J[9FR6FT/I


MSD.[
)9;U
Q)XP&](&:99&D1EJCK3)OR^C$!5-3:!7OX%:9L






M
^8
H

M6Y&YH$'YGPFDB'WR?U!+ P04     =?G9/N^SQ9-HR  !7\0( %0   &9P
M9FDM
C Q-S$R

M.R&I)&_%V);6DKMOMF.C@U5$2;RFP!J2I4?_]0N CR*)=Q4+R.J)F&ZUE)G\












MRS=LU'R#T[)H?G/(?G/X]JAVWW^H?_W+193D?' \?6Y__(^$SB#R^=WS)_R



MBL

/D?YK[@LT$66HVF
29G
HQ2=
M% 7[Y4MN&*6OT




M



]Q;%YLRD5]CGTZ


M8(X#4F$R6:LBJHLJ9=31'F
@*IJ1J
#SU[?9PYL8)]4@1'\8CCWT5[]4
+[B

[=1ORSN75.8@9SOAI?'#*@)P2*C)D2DY4PG0:

MUT 49%+
H_0?.







M^MZ44\(=;LP)@BH9$*GW*KE^'U/AU7 4 ;MBM@1YJ.9!C*%#EA&G% -)E
MB,U$%KYG,PI5%#$&9QDILC2)68!R+Y)2$U]@UO$66V +OXTK,D$YXP+2O$^


M('($/*1D1QU%I([#K@W NF;9+:@]*X




*(8& *6






MU0:83[*HT[M9ZH2EC2*YFY48 *94[OI6)2-E]K-A4H3YWG/!,K$1XN)]%D
M#Z8^0XS6!)H$FOM
-IC\3.#
?B3P#23:B_F/B-*%2&$F0!/'&= $QA1HXC('
MFH?!$TVFP5-0LR)IM
@R: YD&R A@(M!\S(0E

2FAQIF&[8A

+=
ML A

MHF0QYEP%

M0F#0H$XG0F[/GY:8%
9LO!IYGQ0QPNX21BD
QJN8$ YYU
JC1@$&FVCOR'+J

MAHNW\B[P,K%LRCF-X^&'&0_B49?)C@U#,#$D]6U&%I@*/S@FXZ72S8P3K)'
M\C5;D?@1^4JQU

0:&








M7HO.P)






MI5$-_UZZD3;5TDZZ4?5%O]WH_&G.;YQ?9#E+H]9)-OT5L^&S#OAQ&83L38;N
M-*Z%-_456WN@NXAC(5QZ!JY-\[ML+!L?CU8H:O
HK^V'&5#
Y79=^%A;A-\/


$;]V3F+K

!VM@'QQM%V3EC\X*SF:<\:E
FTDEY8Z*.Q!(O

MDHUWQ4W&EB)DGJ2X=Z. +F=&&6AV\RF?/6V7E=7M=KOX#I@^N



'$RX/&





M(+$*
5Q2J6?Z3ZX)A+?VL1!G]F]W;6L49C2
K@(VBXR1603W#L[V99$=Z_.-




YP%XWQO=[_D%31UOL?#C9#[W\X%]^T_V%M$
RP
M




M^]

(9G9[;EO
MYNV%A[Q&H!14)_CO\GJB6&4MD]RJ
).K;6\D=B^U3S2HPZ&B-4SA#X=2A
M+&M5T5H7QD*V&2XFN)CGR9)O\_$'\=C

MJ;IQ



MYZL\BU?SDA7WM78Z
9)A;Y..42NBG9J

M8']E7YD]HV]+5'T(-5\Z0.Q;



=_

M+DL.L.N5^A+!R:*%-61')01N.3GI'=9&N.\J RZMH/@ [Z7N/N78O5B[RW


HI)\C:H@KM/Q8/!V-60E
_DP@TYHMFF]F%8!
M--]
?JQ#N





M]A2-.-(%K:A(BLO%%:TWEO2AOKK3N6:SP5VMK4QZO;8U0N%[-[BVL!=\W!RQ





M+VKOP

'_=1


MLL#ZOB$Z^@[]_!G?SW .)09K?H?C58HO%TXY0:J1K


AED0







P+


M4L=7-K$



E3!F6FR0

J^U)$JSB%2C
MY@I



FBY):&.54^@#=)[OR S)T
MGZ
GVX)PT:!

M.51A=.B+P:#%IMR?'AHI7?I'38Y*Y!(1B2!Q*W()4RP*E2Y38.?NX%.R

MHY1EK5E12





\=\2V]G8UNZAY%N7Y\R++'Z

MOR
V=JX(T+YD6QU#K: LE!=!R\^HRUA!M8F2.
A5$\T
W2-BO1Z7/[XW\D

M.%XGD.JD6A/_V%!7]9+;YN:\/CFX9:%[;Q%N: O


M$:A6-N4=[0B=M\%T' ^]D;-O
S_&T35'.R
M_)(RF23IBK&[.IZ6=3^CBN?KOD;P@VN^2OE?XFSNC6WT6SPK 1^!-ZCF&JQ\
B$(FCP:G;
MO6
:B*N










U9-*
M 6:&(4IOX$










*4F0L=H$HLG!/


=O382RJ

?V;4V!;=^+A$1D/J;+


UZ(6[&]-9]^.IV@BF</NGU I^8T73-@\ EZ3&9$B1_CYT/!-K_&JJ



M .UP$64Y*S/8DJ-2S.C!;:9QRQK9#XDGS%;%BD:_K3J$B*GY+R[AO)9@7.

MQ#^+'NEW4??#J/JRA(7=7WVB/]%?-[^B_YA%!::_^1]02P
$%     @ G7YV


C



 2K.A]B6T)CN?AIHH-%H?/^WEV7D/:



M_


M(%D\19N^!H-WYX-S[V9R






M:)*0V?P;[[0KNY=^Q'3\L$ H5;'':]LC.Q


SC!
IH3)G:$ /JKD5(99O)C2


1GKY5




MKU]6=096MTT2/S='6)XA@%]%\M^!93'V(*/6&!S+J*_?_'X\JVVBRL;!


1_X2BO/N?&2V,
M]+0-LTS'55R'GI/T/3MG#R?!B@\90<?[],DO.3=X,R\/X'^J.?R;NT3QD

MVAC3C)J.KBY+O1&%('7U4A8.C\$5E23VHQ$=/]_1VL9(VF0!0&[L$@D-H*
M#I4@C[1?OOIW6PU?N:2UGDR6E7VA/HE0D4(V&M7.M[38'J?^^B^KE26\'A
M@K(3

MD@S%



\$



)1K

MP*;RV*0O350KP6A^C$]#IKYR.J)$-Z#U9!^R[E15S]N3)=UKK4 U,6JG\_




MWM''*W1U=6/([&R8HD?O0Q)MEJA*=1QHYBN!=76CA2


*##_)\H)D6V4)YZ&M ?
MU=*&+I+Q;(BF:/F$XO=T#3CX_T]^_H]2E9HRO9;T7K P9,Q99DGJ-GT%DZ

M/TY\5T0 3@)P!AF%[&X =

47/LQIN

@5]]+SO9-JN0S?E]1I7$SG

Y.T&2%
IAX2DV;JP%%16V!T0\4N\HX







M NNUCJ8@%!^-V9TM9UV&=8.U OH:?2ZC*W:E=%WKC&;5&*)ZJ7JS7!#
M+$Q3;F!


M-EG[RV!YG0N] [P5BD-_94?I_:/\0Y56-H^A.8KSL%9*\'ZOVO+E3PF3U#
M?T;Q$TE0%]1$=S#I'

T2C-F[&@3_%*:+!Y2F41F^ND5S


P*H.YMWV4W


D^:PQR5.=$A*O

M1U

O%P-M:[]5O_
+@-:_-8

:K;4F!M^LM=#Y]YVHQVT[OBAM-V+GWLU
M8,3V8.P#MK-/C%F2896[,3M<!/_*DC1WN8^$[1/P-(S0SJANP%3'J.?KSF3
M( -W*GVJW1'#6A*Z?_S-+S:==!.9YH
CP^DD1LLP6TJL1$UJ.Q.F5_R(KC9Z





P#


J)7-Y8P\(%B8KIQ(
'H@%/+:YE&!!*/\#-[Y
1(:HNT+^MO

+#8UNK3]K8LQ6C.C7

M[M?ZVR;&[

*'


9
MU=B$1'02K

MDAR





MGSDM[ZS5B65'#

_V!V2-VLO)O8K^]^@+!;I4
MN3DUV?%Y

H?#._W!T.-_K\2K^C!^Z;LXX\6/53!BMH?







[&\\VT841IE)FRRWO


])'5<I^%6F2D]D<HUIX[0?0(-KHZ8AP.T'4@C\7
M29(M\U5#PDICLP



MZC
88SJE9'%







*@*

M?XU$ZZUIZL)+8]&\AK8#=@:CT6(]N!&C*'+XKK*8J0505HS?_%@BU5)IC__*
MYXYX0!#MCS8Y*!( 71Q)*JW;CXOKJ_NU1
7K&7;*F8[;^&@BXQ)1CW^:JPD'
M=EPRFJ.)K:L%/WYPR\ONU94OM3

$4X MKN160U6(+V
MMHMLZ8


MEB!$#J8CT@6!(-
M6]NP%B3]9;@^2.*E[S7QJ6[.CZAM9.'SA =?)[\'0#OJOCO+FH



M_4@BJB$6N/H48M$U15%C:T?





M' BKF.P+RB.RO4%M9;XB)


=/ZUU]#?+T
M)\X=JVA;89#'03=SECZ]U.8+CYC\L3.ZMDVL?!K 48_-81O0+:HQ8ZSE@K


4     =?G9//K?G

#$W
3(S
2YX;6Q0

4     =?G9/UDS*044/  !DOP
M%0              @ $/F   9G!F:2TR
#$W
3(S


M
C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )U^=D^[[/%DVC(  %?Q @ 5

4
M     =?G9/Q'8;[SX?  ![Y0$ %0              @ '[YP  9G!F:2TR
E
#$W
3(S

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







Note
10 &#8211; Commitments and Contingencies


 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard Maher
et al (collectively
 the &#8220;Plaintiffs&#8221;) filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of
Nevada (the &#8220;Court&#8221;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach of contract against Peter Hellwig
 et al
(collectively
 the &#8220;Defendants&#8221;). On March 30
 2017
 the Court issued an order granting in part motion for default
judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs.


 2016
 the Company entered into
a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &#8220;Release Agreement&#8221;). In accordance with the
Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and Director and
 in consideration for such
resignations and Mr. Quirk&#8217;s release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Quirk from liability.


 2017
 the Company entered into
a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &#8220;Release Agreement&#8221;). In accordance with the
Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration for such resignation and Mr. Martin&#8217;s
release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







NOTE 6
&#8211;CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

The following
tables set forth the components of the Company&#8217;s convertible notes from continuing operations at December 31
 2018 and December
31
 2017:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
December
    31

    
    

Principal
    value of convertible notes
    
    
1
515
178
    
    
    
790
859
    

Unamortized loan
    discounts
    
    
(17
347)
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible
    notes
 net
    
    
1
497
831
    
    
    
790
859
    


The following
table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2017
    
    
869
166
    

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due
    to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
9
558
    

Conversion of principal amounts outstanding
    into common stock of the Company 
    
    
(87
865
    

Ending balance December 31
 2017
    
    
790
859
    

    
    
    
724
319
    

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due
    to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
17
369
    

Conversion of principal amounts outstanding
    into common stock of the Company
    
    
(17
369
    

Ending balance December 31
 2018
    
    
1
515
178
    


On January
5
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January
5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August
21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20
 2017.
It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of
the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $20
000 at
December 31
 2018.

On January
26
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of January
26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.
The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2018.

On February
10
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February
10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $3
600
at December 31
 2018.

On February
10
 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of the note
were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common stock
at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of
conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $64
445 at December 31
 2018.

On February
13
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February
13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party
on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August
20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$52
966 at December 31
 2018.

On March 17
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 17
2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The
balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2018.

On March 27
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016.
The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
000 at December 31
 2018.

On April 1
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016.
The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to
the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $12
000 at December 31
 2018.

On May 28
2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28
2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$23
000 at December 31
 2018.

On August
7
 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and the terms
of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted into
common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid prices
during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $46
705 at December 31
 2018.

On August
21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August
21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $30
000 at December
31
 2018.

On August
24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000. The
notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount
of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.
The balance of these notes was $30
000 at December 31
 2018.

On September
2
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February
28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $51
414 at December 31
 2018.

On September
4
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of September
4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $39
342
at December 31
 2018.

During the
year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating
$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of
these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As
such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regard to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent
with other convertible debt securities issued during the period. The balance of these notes was $99
500 at December 31
 2018.

On January
1
 2018
 the Company executed three promissory notes aggregating $693
819 to settle a legal matter. See Note 10 &#8211; Commitments
and Contingencies. The notes bear interest at 12% and have a maturity date of July 10
 2018. The notes can be converted into common
stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest bid price during the 25 trading days
prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes was $693
819 at December 31
 2018.

On March 13
2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March
13
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $5
500
at December 31
 2018.

On December
12
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date
of December 12
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $25
000 at December 31
 2018.

As of December
31
 2018
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their contractual
maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default
 demands for payment
or other forms of claim as a result of these defaults.

All of the
convertible notes were analyzed at the time of their issuance for derivative accounting consideration. In some instances
 the
Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date stock
price. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled $1
899
209
and $1
699
583
 respectively.

The value
of the derivative liabilities was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&#160;31

        
    
    
December&#160;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&#160;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected volatility
    (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
446.63
    &#8211; 486.95
    

Expected life
    (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
0.75
    &#8211; 1.00 
    





    
    

    
    

    
    


A portion
of this amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible debentures.
The remaining debt discounts associated with these beneficial conversion features was $17
348 and $0 respectively as of December
31
 2018 and 2017. The related amortization expense was $698
638 and $0 for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.
See Note 9 &#8211; Fair Value Measurements for additional details.

During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $17
368 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $41
851 into 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock.

During the
year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $93
164 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $38
223
 into 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock.

At December
31
 2018 and 2017
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 21
339
046
649 and 8
969
560
081
shares
 respectively.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
































466


466





218


221





899
209


699
583





219
454


265
552





219
454


265
552










































461







938



Capital lease liability
 current



426



Convertible notes payable
 current



829







169







281
823







281
823







281
823)
































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.

























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018








The following
tables set forth the components of the Company&#8217;s convertible notes from continuing operations at December 31
 2018 and December
31
 2017:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
December
    31

    
    

Principal
    value of convertible notes
    
    
1
515
178
    
    
    
790
859
    

Unamortized loan
    discounts
    
    
(17
347)
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible
    notes
 net
    
    
1
497
831
    
    
    
790
859
    


The following
table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2017
    
    
869
166
    

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due
    to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
9
558
    

Conversion of principal amounts outstanding
    into common stock of the Company 
    
    
(87
865
    

Ending balance December 31
 2017
    
    
790
859
    

    
    
    
724
319
    

Increase in principal amounts outstanding due
    to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
17
369
    

Conversion of principal amounts outstanding
    into common stock of the Company
    
    
(17
369
    

Ending balance December 31
 2018
    
    
1
515
178
    





    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&#160;31

        
    
    
December&#160;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&#160;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected volatility
    (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
446.63
    &#8211; 486.95
    

Expected life
    (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
0.75
    &#8211; 1.00 
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

































































Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











580
075


759
026





580
075)


759
026)














Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018







NOTE 1 &#8211; NATURE OF BUSINESS
AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



Fresh Promise
Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Fresh Promise&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on
the high-margin
 multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors.

On June 27
2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution
of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company
is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional
supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

Going
Concern

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following
the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating losses since its
inception.

Because the
Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.

Discontinued
Operations

In light of
the Company&#8217;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations
of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&#8217;s
December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018
 Fresh Promise executed a definitive agreement to sell and
transfer its equity interest in Harvest Soul.

The Company&#8217;s
results of operations related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all
years presented. For additional information see Note 3 &#8212; Discontinued Operations.

Basis
of Presentation

The Company
uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;).
The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year-end.

The consolidated
financial statements include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul
Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.




The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available
as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from
these estimates.



Fresh Promise
Foods Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
places its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&#8217;s account at this institution is insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
the Company did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such
financial institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&#160;

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The Company&#8217;s
financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate
prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.



Goodwill represents
the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
The goodwill arising from the Company&#8217;s acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity
with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable
useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
 whichever is shorter.

Goodwill and
indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent
assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more
frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying
amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based
on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&#8217;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&#8217;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment
tests scheduled in the fourth quarter.

As of December
31
 2018
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets. See Note 4 &#8211; Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities
of Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. for more information.

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net income
(loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share.&#8221; Basic net income (loss) per
common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017. Diluted
earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had convertible
notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 21
654
839
992 and 8
969
560
081 common shares based up the closing
bid price of the company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Shares which would result from the
conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2018 and 2017 because the effect
would be anti-dilutive.



ASC 718
 Compensation
&#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee
services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other
equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The Company
accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
Equity &#8211; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on
the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received
 or (b) the equity instruments issued.
The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

No share-based
expenses were recorded for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Income
Taxes

The Company
accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A valuation
allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the
net deferred asset will not be realized.

The Company
follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are
subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the
period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained upon examination
 including the resolution
of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions
that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50
percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain
tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing
authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination.
As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


The Company
has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position
is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can
be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax
positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is
not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014
 through 2018. The tax year 2013 remains
open for examination.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except for
rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#8482; (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;

In February
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#160;
 which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees.
The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from financing and operating leases
 along
with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. In March 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-01

Improvements
 which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard. The FASB issued ASU 2018-10

to Topic 842
 Leases&#160;
 in 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11


as an adjustment to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new lease
standard. ASC 842 will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1
 2019.

In June 2018
the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting
for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. Certain areas of the simplification
apply only to nonpublic entities. The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which
a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards.
The amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used to effectively provide (1) financing to
the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract accounted for
under Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments of the ASU are effective for public business entities for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 par value






Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 authorized

999
990


999
990



Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 issued

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 outstanding

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 par value






Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 authorized






Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 issued






Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000
000


000
000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

809
999
998


338
180
185



Common stock
 shares outstanding

809
999
998


338
180
185





























































































































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























































