

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-14-001150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880393257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24723
		FILM NUMBER:		14765848
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111?ALDERMAN?DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE?210?
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 309-9080
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111?ALDERMAN?DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE?210?
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAKOOL
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091230
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mod Hospitality
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080926
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSPP HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070122









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2013



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



Fresh
    Promise Foods
 Inc.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)


Commission
file number: 00-24723

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
(Name
of small business issuer in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(Commission
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer 

incorporation
    or organization)
    
File
    Number)
    
Identification
    Number)


1111
Alderman Drive
 Suite 210
Alpharetta
Georgia 30005
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(770)
521-9826
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28
 2013
 was
$290
391. As of March 30
 2014 the registrant had 92
707
673 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001
 outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE






    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    
Page
    No.

PART
    I
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
4
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors.
    
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings.
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
    
    

Item
    7A
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    And Procedures.
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statements Schedules
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
following cautionary statements identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements made in this amended. Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) and in other
reports and documents published by us from time to time. Any statements about our beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 expectations
 assumptions
future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often
 but not always
made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;are expected
to
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;is anticipated
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimated
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and the like
 constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). However
 as we issue &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 we are ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Given these uncertainties
 readers are cautioned to carefully read all &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth under Item 1A and
not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce
publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect
future events or developments
 except as required by the Exchange Act. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Unless
otherwise provided in this Report
 references to &ldquo;Fresh Promise Foods&rdquo;
 &ldquo;StaKool&rdquo;
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo;
the &ldquo;Registrant
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Issuer
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Fresh
Promise Foods
 Inc.


    
    


PART
1

Item
1. Business



History
of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.


the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes and reorganizations. In November
1997
 PLR
 Inc. changed its name to Integrated Carbonics Corp. and moved its domicile to the State of Nevada. On July 23
 1999
Integrated Carbonics Corp. changed its name to Urbana.ca
 Inc. (&ldquo;URBA&rdquo;). On April 11
 2003
 URBA changed its name
to PSPP Holdings
 Inc. On August 11
 2008
 PSPP Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to Cynosure Holdings
 Inc. by filing a Certificate
of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada. On August 21
 2008
 the Company changed its name to Hybid
Hospitality
 Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. On December 16
 2009
 the Company changed
its name to Stakool
 Inc.

On
June 16
 2011
 Stakool entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Anthus Life&rdquo;).

On
July 20
 2011
 Stakool and Anthus Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares
of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange
for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &ldquo;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&rdquo;).
The parties amended the Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance
of an additional 2
650
000 shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of
Sale and Purchase and
 as of December 31
 2012
 $355
000 has been paid.

Anthus
Life Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. Anthus was a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products
packaged for consumer consumption. The Company had one product line in the natural food category. In 2013 the Company terminated

team
 production will resume in the near future.

On
March 15
 2013 all officers and directors resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 and Director.&nbsp;

Effective
August 5
 2013
 the Company completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common
shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were
rounded up to the next whole share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse
stock split.

On
September 26
 2013
 the name of the Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of
authorized shares of common stock from four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).

Current
Products
 Potential Product Categories and Extension

Fresh
Promise Foods is a consumer products company focused on the &ldquo;Core Wellness&rdquo; sector of health and wellness. The &ldquo;health
and wellness&rdquo; mega trend drives the overall natural ingredients market. Increasing incidence of lifestyle-based disorders
such as cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)
 obesity
 osteoporosis and diabetes
 has propelled consumers to resort to natural alternatives.
Moreover
 the number of articles and newsletters circulated in media describing the ill-effects of consuming synthetic ingredients
has further cautioned consumers. Consumers perceive natural ingredients as having a positive impact on general health
 while synthetic
ingredients have certain detrimental effects on health. As a result
 food manufacturers have promptly responded to the situation
by completely replacing or partially replacing synthetic ingredients with their natural counterparts.

It
is becoming clearer that healthy eating is transitioning from a niche market to the mainstream. Health and wellness-focused products
are expanding rapidly
 with eight out of ten of the fastest growing food and beverage categories inextricably linked to consumer
perceptions of health.


    
    


Intellectual
Property

The
Company has no registered patents
 however
 its products are formulated utilizing its own proprietary formulations. The Company
has many Trademarks that have been filed and owns more than 50 URL&rsquo;s.

Production
Sources of Raw Materials and the Names of Principal Suppliers

An
experienced core management team has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market. Our strategy includes
establishing a procurement program and working with outside professionals to build our business
 create brands through eco-friendly
packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Marketing
Strategy

The
strategy is to have our brand name strongly associated on all of our distributed products and to focus on finding and developing
the best FDA/USDA certified natural and/or organic food product options for North America and beyond. During 2014
 the Company
plans to introduce its own brand and either build or buy other complementary products. For 2014
 our R&amp;D team is diligently
working to develop additional product line extensions to include several products for the natural and organic food market as well
as for the health and wellness market.

We
have secured a manufacturer with the requisite governmental approval
 having completed the package design and is distributing
the initial product offering. We are excited about the opportunity to bring healthy
 great tasting
 and natural and/or organic
food and beverage products at affordable prices to the North American market.

Fresh
Promise Foods will strive to become a leader in the quality food and beverage business. We are a mission-driven company that aims
to set the standards of excellence for food manufacturers. We are building a business in which high standards permeate all aspects
of our company and quality ingredients
 the latest food technology and great marketing permeate all aspects of our products.

We
believe that once the consumer tastes our product line
 he or she will become a loyal consumer and will seek out our product because
of the health benefits
 value in price
 quality of the product and the good taste of the product
 thus becoming a returning and
loyal consumer.

Words
like &ldquo;Natural
&rdquo; &ldquo;clean label
&rdquo; &ldquo;green
&rdquo; &ldquo;eco-friendly&rdquo;
 &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
&ldquo;non GMO&rdquo; and &ldquo;sustainability&rdquo; are the new buzzwords in today&rsquo;s food and beverage industry. Products
and ingredients bearing these tags have created demand among consumers
 and therefore have been significant purchase influencers.
The markets for these natural and naturally derived products are growing at a fast rate
 creating an immense profit potential
for food and beverage manufacturers. The past two decades have witnessed consumers becoming more health conscious and resorting
to preventive measures
 rather than reactionary ones. Functional foods and beverages play a major role in this segment
 promoting
the concept of healthiness-on-the-go. These functional foods and beverages include health ingredients
 which may promote general
health and well-being by preventing certain diseases. However
 the industry also confronts certain challenges in coping with the
demand of natural ingredients used in food and beverage applications
 particularly in terms of sustainability.



There
are multiple competitors across the entire landscape as competition is very fragmented. We strive to stand apart from the competition
through a focused strategy and great marketing.



At
the present time
 the Company has four employees.


    
    


Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our
business is subject to numerous risks. We caution you that the following important factors
 among others
 could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the
SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this and
in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make
or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in the discussion below will be important in determining
future results. Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from those
anticipated in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result
of new information
 future events or otherwise. You are advised
 however
 to consult any further disclosure we make in our reports
filed with the SEC.

An
investment in our Company involves a substantial risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before
you make any investment decision regarding our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting
the market in which we operate or that we currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually
materialize
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price
of our common stock could decline.

The
following risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks
but are intended only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable
to our Company and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
the risk factors discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct
with our strategic alliance partners.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO FRESH PROMSIE FOODS
 INC. AND ITS BUSINESS

THE
COMPANY IS SUBJECT TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN A NEWLY-CREATED BUSINESS

The
Company is subject to substantially all the risks inherent in a newly-created business. As a result of its small size and capitalization
and limited operating history
 the Company is particularly susceptible to adverse effects of changing economic conditions and
consumer tastes
 competition
 and other contingencies or events beyond the control of the Company. It may be more difficult for
the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K than for a
company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these risks successfully
 the
Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may be forced to change dramatically
or even terminate
 its planned operations.

INVESTORS
MAY LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT IF FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC. FAILS TO IMPLEMENT ITS BUSINESS PLAN.

The
Company expects to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties because it is a development-stage company.
The Company has no demonstrable operations record of substance upon which you can evaluate the company&rsquo;s business and prospects.
The Company&rsquo;s prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 uncertainties
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their early stages of development. The Company cannot guarantee that it will be successful in accomplishing its
objectives.


    
    


As
of the date of this filing the Company has had only limited start-up operations and has generated minimal revenues. Considering
these facts
 our independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about the company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
in the independent auditors&rsquo; report to the financial statements filed with our Form 10-K. In addition
 the company&rsquo;s
lack of operating capital could negatively affect the value of its common shares and could result in the loss of your entire investment.

WE
RELY ON OUR PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND IF HE LEAVES US
 OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COULD BE ADVERSELY
AFFECTED.

We
rely heavily on our President and Chief Executive Officer
 Kevin Quirk for our success. His experience and input create the foundation
for our business and he is responsible for the directorship and control over our activities. Moving forward
 should we lose the
services of Mr. Quirk
 for any reason
 we will incur costs associated with recruiting a replacement and delay in our operations.
If we are unable to replace Mr. Quirk with another suitably trained individual
 we may be forced to scale back or curtail our
business plan. As a result of this
 your investment in us could be devalued.

WE
HAVE NOT AND DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDEND ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND BECAUSE OF THIS OUR SECURITIES COULD FACE DEVALUATION
IN THE MARKET.

We
have paid no cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and it is not anticipated that any cash dividends will be paid to holders
of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs
of our business operations
 it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our business operations and future
expansion.

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Shifts
in consumer preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in
our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. Also
 our success depends to a significant
extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary
income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty. Any material
decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business
and financial condition.

FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

The
prices of the main ingredients in our offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices of the various products that we use
to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal fluctuations
 demand
 politics and
economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients that we use in our products could have a
significant adverse effect on our profitability In addition; higher diesel prices have
 in some cases
 resulted in the imposition
of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel and gasoline prices may affect our supply
costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile commodity prices and to allow greater predictability
in pricing
 we hope to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities
will be successful or that they will not result in our paying substantially more than would have been required absent such activities.
We do not presently have any multi-year pricing agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.

We
may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property
 and may be subject to claims by third parties that we
infringe on their intellectual property.

Our
products are created using proprietary formulations; however
 we have no registered patents. Preventing and policing the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property is often difficult and any steps we take may not
 in every case
 prevent the infringement by
unauthorized third parties. Further
 there can be no assurance that our efforts to enforce our rights and protect our intellectual
property will be successful. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
 which may result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

Further
although management does not believe that our products infringe on the intellectual rights of others
 there is no assurance that
we will not be the target of infringement or other claims. Such claims
 even if not true
 could result in significant legal and
other costs and may be a distraction to our management or interrupt our business.


    
    


LITIGATION
AND PUBLICITY CONCERNING PRODUCT QUALITY
 HEALTH AND OTHER ISSUES
 WHICH CAN RESULT IN LIABILITIES AND ALSO CAUSE CONSUMERS TO
AVOID OUR PRODUCTS
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Beverage
and food service businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from consumers or government authorities resulting
from food and beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one retail location
or a limited number of retail locations. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless of whether
the allegations are true
 by discouraging consumers from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
 if
a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result.

BEVERAGE
AND FOOD SAFETY CONCERNS AND INSTANCES OF FOOD-BORNE ILLNESSES COULD HARM OUR CONSUMERS
 RESULT IN NEGATIVE PUBLICITY AND CAUSE
THE TEMPORARY CLOSURE OF SOME CONSUMERS&rsquo; STORES AND
 IN SOME CASES
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF
FRUITS
 ANY OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BRAND REPUTATION
 RESULT IN A DECLINE IN SALES OR AN INCREASE IN COSTS.

We
consider food and beverage safety a top priority and will dedicate substantial resources towards ensuring that consumers enjoy
high-quality
 safe and wholesome products. However
 we cannot guarantee that controls and training will be fully effective in
preventing all food-borne illnesses. Furthermore
 reliance on third-party suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne
illness incidents (such as E. coli
 Hepatitis A
 Salmonella or Listeria) could occur outside of our control and at multiple locations.
We will utilize High Pressure Processing (HPP) whenever possible to mitigate these risk.

Instances
of food-borne illnesses
 whether real or perceived
 and whether at our consumers&rsquo; stores or those of our competitors
 could
harm consumers and otherwise result in negative publicity about us or the products we serve
 which could adversely affect sales.
If there is an incident involving consumers&rsquo; C-stores and other approved channels serving contaminated products
 consumers
may be harmed
 our sales may decrease and our brand name may be impaired. If consumers become ill from food-borne illnesses
 we
could be forced to temporarily suspend some operations. If we react to negative publicity by changing our products or other key
aspects of the Fresh Promise experience
 we may lose consumers who do not accept those changes
 and may not be able to attract
enough new consumers to produce the revenue needed to make our operations profitable. In addition
 we may have different or additional
competitors for our intended consumers as a result of making any such changes and may not be able to compete successfully against
those competitors. Food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses and injuries caused by food contamination have in
the past
 and could in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause consumers to
shift their preferences
 particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along to consumers. As a result
 our costs
may increase and our sales may decline. A decrease in consumer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity
or as a result of a change in our products or smoothie experience or a temporary suspension of any of our consumer operations
could materially harm our business.

THE
FOOD SERVICE INDUSTRY HAS INHERENT OPERATIONAL RISKS THAT MAY NOT BE ADEQUATELY COVERED BY INSURANCE.


risks or that our insurers will pay a particular claim. Furthermore
 in the future
 we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance
coverage at reasonable rates for our operations. We may also be subject to calls
 or premiums
 in amounts based not only on our
own claim records but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we
may receive indemnity insurance coverage for tort liability. Our insurance policies may also contain deductibles
 limitations
and exclusions which
 although we may believe are standard in the food service industry
 may nevertheless increase our costs.

THE
PLANNED INCREASE IN THE NUMBER OF STORES WHERE ARE OUR PRODUCTS WILL BE AVAILABLE MAY MAKE FUTURE RESULTS UNPREDICTABLE.

Our
future results depend on various factors
 including successful selection of new markets
 market acceptance of Fresh Promise Foods
brands
 consumer recognition of the quality of our products and willingness to pay our prices (which reflect our often higher
ingredient costs
) the quality and performance of our equipment and general economic conditions. In addition
 as with the experience
of other retail food and beverage concepts who have tried to expand nationally
 we may find that the Fresh Promise Foods concept
has limited or no appeal to consumers in new markets or we may experience a decline in the popularity of our brands. Newly opened
stores may not succeed
 future markets may not be successful and average store revenue may not meet expectations.


    
    


OUR
FAILURE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Our
plans call for a significant increase in the number of consumers. Product supply
 financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these
systems
 procedures
 and controls and to hire
 train and retain management and staff. We may not respond quickly enough to the
changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management
 employees and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot
of importance on our culture
 which we believe will be an important contributor to our success. As we grow
 however
 we may have
difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our
growth effectively could harm our business and operating results.

OUR
OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD FALL BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF INVESTORS DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS.

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly because of various factors
 including:



    
1.
    
&nbsp;The
    impact of inclement weather
 natural disasters and other calamities
 such as earthquakes and/or hurricanes
 which could cause
    a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
2.
    
&nbsp;Unseasonably
    cold or wet weather conditions could cause a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
3.
    
&nbsp;Profitability
    of our operations where our products are sold
 especially in new markets;

    
    
    

    
4.
    
&nbsp;Changes
    in comparable store sales and consumer visits
 including the introduction of new product items;

    
    
    

    
5.
    
&nbsp;Variations
    in general economic conditions
 including those relating to changes in diesel and gasoline prices;

    
    
    

    
6.
    
&nbsp;Negative
    publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;stores
    where our products are available;

    
    
    

    
7.
    
&nbsp;Changes
    in consumer preferences and discretionary spending;

    
    
    

    
8.
    
&nbsp;Increases
    in infrastructure costs; and

    
    
    

    
9.
    
&nbsp;Fluctuation
    in supply prices.


Because
of these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or
for any year. Average consumers&rsquo; store revenue or comparable store revenue in any particular future period may decrease.
In the future
 our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors. In that event
 the value of our Common Stock
or other securities would likely decrease.

OUR
CONSUMERS AND SUPPLIERS COULD TAKE ACTIONS THAT HARM OUR REPUTATION AND REDUCE OUR PROFITS.

Consumers
and suppliers are separate entities and are not our employees. Further
 we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations
of our consumers and suppliers. Any operational shortcomings of our consumers and suppliers are likely to be attributed to our
system-wide operations and could adversely affect our reputation and have a direct negative impact on our profits.

OUR
REVENUE IS SUBJECT TO VOLATILITY BASED ON WEATHER AND VARIES BY SEASON.

Seasonal
factors could also cause our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenue may be lower during the winter months and
the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather and higher during the spring
 summer and fall months. Our revenue will
likely also vary from quarter to quarter as a result of the number of trading days
 that is
 the number of days in a quarter when
stores are open.


    
    


WE
COULD FACE LIABILITY FROM OUR CONSUMERS
 SUPPLIERS OR GOVERNMENT.

A
consumer
 supplier or government agency may bring legal action against us based on the consumer/ supplier relationships. Various
state and federal laws govern our relationship with consumers and suppliers. If we fail to comply with these laws
 we could be
liable for damages to consumers or suppliers and fines or other penalties. Expensive litigation with our consumers/suppliers or
government agencies may adversely affect both our profits and our important relations with our consumer/suppliers.

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

Developing
our business may require significant capital in the future. To meet our capital needs
 we expect to rely on our cash flow from
operations and potentially
 third-party financing. Third-party financing may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to
us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including market conditions
 our operating
performance
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such
as financial covenants under our credit facility. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional
financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth.

LITIGATION
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT US BY DISTRACTING MANAGEMENT
 INCREASING OUR EXPENSES OR SUBJECTING US TO MATERIAL MONEY DAMAGES AND OTHER
REMEDIES.

Our
consumers could file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury their consumers
suffered at or after a visit to their stores
 or that we have problems with food quality or operations. We are also subject to
a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business
 including personal injury claims
 contract claims and
claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters
 discrimination and similar matters
and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the future. Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 claims may be expensive to defend and may
divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage
for any claims could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting
from these allegations may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects
 which in turn could adversely affect
our results. The food and beverage services industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content
of food products they sell and disclosure and advertising practices.

WE
MAY ALSO INCUR COSTS RESULTING FROM OTHER SECURITY RISKS WE MAY FACE IN CONNECTION WITH OUR ELECTRONIC PROCESSING AND TRANSMISSION
OF CONFIDENTIAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.

We
rely on commercially available software and other technologies to provide security for processing and transmission of consumer
credit card data. Our systems could be compromised in the future
 which could result in the misappropriation of consumer information
or the disruption of systems. Either of those consequences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business
or subject it to additional liabilities.

WE
ARE EXPOSED TO INCREASED COSTS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING LAWS
 REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS IN GENERAL
AND SPECIFICALLY WITH INCREASED AND NEW REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DISCLOSURE STANDARDS.

We
expect to spend an increased amount of management time and external resources to comply with existing and changing laws
 regulations
and standards in general
 and specifically relating to corporate governance. In particular
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires management to annually review and evaluate all of our internal control systems
 and file attestations of
the effectiveness of these systems by our management and by our independent auditors. This process may require us to hire additional
personnel and use outside advisory services and result in additional accounting and legal expenses. If in the future our chief
executive officer
 chief financial officer or independent auditors determine that our controls over financial reporting are not
effective as defined under Section 404
 investor perceptions may be adversely affected and could cause a decline in the value
of our stock. If our independent auditors are unable to provide an unqualified attestation of management&rsquo;s assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting
 or disclaim an ability to issue an attestation
 it could result in a loss of investor
confidence in our financial reports
 adversely affect our stock value and our ability to access the capital markets or borrow
money. Failure to comply with other existing and changing laws
 regulations and standards could also adversely affect the Company.


    
    


THE
REPORT OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS INDICATES UNCERTAINTY CONCERNING OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN AND THIS MAY IMPAIR
OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL TO FUND OUR BUSINESS PLAN.

Our
independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that
this will not impair our ability to raise capital on attractive terms. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve
significant revenues and therefore remain a going concern.

COMPETITORS
WITH MORE RESOURCES MAY FORCE US OUT OF BUSINESS.

We
will compete with many well-established companies
 food and beverage service
 C-stores and other approved channels and otherwise
on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product offered
 consumer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience.
Aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets could reduce our revenue and profit
margins.

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC. MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT ADDITIONAL FUNDING
 WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE.

The
Company has limited capital resources. To date
 the Company has funded its operations from limited funding and has not generated
sufficient cash from operations to be profitable or to maintain sufficient inventory. Unless the Company begins to generate sufficient
revenues to finance operations as a going concern
 the Company may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity
and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available.

THE
COST TO MEET OUR REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AS A PUBLIC COMPANY SUBECT TO THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL AND
MAY RESULT IN US HAVING INSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS OR EVEN MEET ROUTINE BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS.

Subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934
 we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for
accounting
 legal
 and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements. 

WE
MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING MANAGEMENT AND OUTSIDE INDEPENDENT MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS A RESULT
OF THEIR CONCERNS RELATING TO THEIR INCREASED PERSONAL EXPOSURE TO LAWSUITS AND STOCKHOLDER CLAIMS BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THESE
POSITIONS IN A PUBLICLY-HELD COMPANY.

The
directors and management of publicly-traded corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure
to lawsuits and stockholder claims
 as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly in
view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do
not carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has
recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside
directors to serve on our board of directors.

We
may lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and
officers&rsquo; liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater
funding to date which can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their
increased duties
 obligations and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with a limited operating
history and limited resources
 we will have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent
directors than a more established company due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.


    
    


WE
MAY NOT ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO THE FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS.

Projections
and estimated financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and
 though considered reasonable
by us
 are subject to significant business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that the projected results will be
realized or that actual results will not be significantly lower than projected. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes
any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of the projections.

OUR
DIRECTORS HAVE THE RIGHT TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK.

Our
directors
 within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our
stockholders
 have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number
of shares and the relative rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 and terms of redemption
 liquidation preferences and any
other preferences
 special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of holders of our common stock.

IF
THERE IS A MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES IN THE FUTURE
 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND ILLIQUID.

We
can make no assurance that there will be a public market for our common Stock in the future. If there is a market for our Common
Stock in the future
 we anticipate that such market may be illiquid and might be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several
factors
 including
 but not limited to the following factors:



    
(1)
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our results of operations;

    
(2)
    
our
    ability or inability to generate new revenue;

    
(3)
    
our
    ability to anticipate and effectively adapt to a developing market;

    
(4)
    
our
    ability to attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel;

    
(5)
    
consumer
    satisfaction and loyalty;

    
(6)
    
increased
    competition; and

    
(7)
    
conditions
    and trends in the market for organic and natural products.


CONVERSION
OF OUR PROMISSORY NOTES OR SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK INTO THE PUBLIC MARKET BY SELLING SHAREHOLDERS
MAY CAUSE A REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK AND PURCHASERS WHO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LOSE SOME
OR ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENTS.

If
a market for our shares develops
 sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause
a reduction in the price of our Common Stock. If selling Shareholders resell a substantial portion of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Common Stock it could have an adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. As a result of any such decreases
in the price of our Common Stock
 purchasers who acquire shares from Selling Shareholders may lose some or all of their investment.

OUR
EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS WILL EXPERIENCE DILUTION.

We
will need to raise additional funds
 and these funds may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Furthermore
 if we issue
equity or debt securities to raise additional funds
 our existing shareholders will experience dilution
 and the new equity or
debt securities may have rights
 preference
 and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders. If we cannot raise funds
on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to develop or enhance our products
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future
opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated consumer requirements.

There
is no assurance that we will be profitable
 and we may not be able to successfully develop
 manage or market our products and
services. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technological personnel and our products and services
may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be
incurred due to the issuance of more shares
 stock options
 or the exercise of stock options
 and other risks inherent in our
business.


    
    


Currently
there is a public market for our securities
 but there can be no assurances that the public market will develop further and
 if
developed further
 it is likely to experience significant price fluctuations.

We
have a trading symbol for our common stock
 namely &lsquo;FPFI&rsquo;. 21
872
377 shares of our common stock were traded during
the year ended December 31
 2012. Trading volume increased to 174
487
766 for the year ending December 31
 2013. However
 there
can be no assurances as to whether:



    
    
the
    market for our shares will continue to develop; or

    
    
    

    
    
the
    prices at which our common stock will trade;


Prices
for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity
of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact of the factors referred
to elsewhere in these risk factors
 investor perception of our Company and general economic and market conditions.

We
are subject to the penny stock rules which will make our securities more difficult to sell.

We
are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules because our securities sell below $5.00 per share. The penny stock
rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information
about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the bid and
offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation.

Furthermore
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our securities.
As long as our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 the holders of such securities will find it more difficult to
sell their securities.

We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly
 we do not
expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
 but will review this policy as circumstances dictate.

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE BY OUR CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.

The
sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. In addition
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock
 including shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants
 under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or otherwise could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital at that time through
the sale of our securities.

NEED
FOR ANY GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS.

Companies
have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging
 among other things
 violations of federal and state
workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature
 if successful
 could result in our payment of substantial damages.

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of employees or consumers.
In recent years
 a number of companies
 including juice companies
 have been subject to lawsuits
 including class action lawsuits
alleging violations of federal and state law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial awards by
the defendants. Although we are not currently a party to any material class action lawsuits
 we could incur substantial damages
and expenses resulting from lawsuits
 which would increase the cost of operating the business and decrease the cash available
for other uses.


    
    


GOVERNMENT
AND INDUSTRY REGULATION.

We
are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations. Our products are subject to state and local regulation by
health
 sanitation
 food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in
obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new products which could delay planned execution of our business plan. We
are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to
individuals with disabilities in the context of employment
 public accommodations and other areas. We may in the future have
to modify office and warehouse space
 for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural fixtures
 to
provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons. The expenses associated with these modifications
could be material. Our operations are also subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act
 which governs such matters as
minimum wages
 overtime and other working conditions
 along with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act
 family leave
mandates and a variety of similar laws enacted by the states that govern these and other employment law matters. In addition
federal proposals to introduce a system of mandated health insurance and flexible work time and other similar initiatives
could
 if implemented
 adversely affect our operations. In recent years
 there has been an increased legislative
 regulatory
and consumer focus on nutrition and advertising practices in the food industry. As a result
 we may in the future become
subject to initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising
 such as requirements to provide information about
the nutritional content of our products
 which could increase our expenses.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable

Item
2. Properties

The
Company had leased office space in Jacksonville
 Florida beginning in November 2010. With the change in management and control
of the Company
 the headquarters was moved to Alpharetta
 Georgia. The Jacksonville lease was terminated. Furniture located in
the Jacksonville office was deemed impaired and not suitable to relocate. Currently the company shares office facilities with
related parties under a shared service agreement. In 2013 the Company was not required to pay office rental.



    
    
    

    
1
192
1
192

    
    
    

    
1
841
1
841

    
(1
013
(1
013


 net.
    
    

    
    
    


 net.
    
    


Item
3. Legal Proceedings



 together with certain other
parties (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
Clinton Hall
 LLC
 Richard Maher and Patrick O&rsquo;Loughlin (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;).&nbsp;On April 25
2013
 the Plaintiffs filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including
securities fraud and breach of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded&nbsp;and the Company is prepared
to file an answer with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against the Plaintiffs.&nbsp;
The Company is continuing to vigorously defend itself against this lawsuit.

Except
as set forth above
 we are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on
our financial condition or results of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or
investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the
knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our
common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors
in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a)
Market Information

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCBB under the symbol FPFI. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low
sales prices per share for our common stock on the OTCQB. All prices have been adjusted for the reverse stock split completed
in 2013.



Fiscal
    Year 2012 Quarters Ended:
    
    


 2012
    
    


 2012
    
    


 2012
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Fiscal
    Year 2013 Quarters Ended:
    
    


 2013
    
    


 2013
    
    


 2013
    
    


 2013
    
    


(b)
Holders 

As
of March 28
 2014
 there were approximately 292 stockholders of record of our common stock
 and the closing price of our common
stock was $0.0048 per share as reported by OTCBB.

(c)
Dividends

Since
our inception
 we have not declared nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance our operations. Our Board
of Directors will determine future declarations and payments of dividends
 if any
 in light of the then-current conditions it
deems relevant and in accordance with applicable corporate law.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

As
of the date hereof
 we have not adopted an equity compensation plan and have not granted any stock options.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We
make forward-looking statements in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to
us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations which follow under
the headings &ldquo;Business and Overview
&rdquo; &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources
&rdquo; and other statements throughout
this report preceded by
 followed by or that include the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; or similar expressions.


    
    


Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements
 including the risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe
from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We therefore
caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as
of the date of this report
 and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result
of new information
 future developments or otherwise.

Plan
Of Operations

The
Company strives to become a leading supplier of natural and organic products by maintaining the highest standards for quality
consistency
 sustainability
 product assortments
 value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships.
Through trust and our commitment to quality we will build a loyal consumer following throughout North America.

An
experienced core management team is in place and has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market.
The Company plans to establish a procurement program and will work with outside professionals to build its business
 create brands
through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This
Annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) contain
or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the &ldquo;Filings&rdquo;) and information that are based upon beliefs
of
 and information currently available to
 the Company&rsquo;s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company&rsquo;s
management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions
and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the Filings
 the words &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;future&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company&rsquo;s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions
 and
other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
 intended
 or planned.

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 the Company cannot guarantee
future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities
laws of the United States
 the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.

&nbsp;CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES&nbsp;

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&rsquo;s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&rsquo;s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.


SHARE-BASED
EXPENSE

ASC
718
 Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions
in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their
fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
the award
 known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

&nbsp;The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC
505-50
 Equity &ndash; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is
based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments
issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.



    
    


Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012



Total
revenues for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $64 and $17
432
 respectively. The decline in revenue was the result
of the termination of our marketing and sales programs which we could not pursue due to a lack of working capital. Cost of goods
sold was $2
515 and $36
491 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Gross Margin was ($2
451) and ($19
056)
for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



Operating
expenses: Total net operating expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $476
524 and $3
934
440. Operating
expenses consisted of professional fees of $299
818
 an decrease from the prior year of $154
383. This decrease was due primarily
to a reduction in fees to the consulting company owned by the previous Company President &amp; CEO. Our payroll expense increased
from $0 in 2012 to $95
125 in 2013. This was the result of adding experienced staff members to execute our business plan. In 2012
the Company had no employees which resulted in no payroll expense recorded. Products were manufactured
 sold
 and distributed
by third parties. The Stock-based compensation declined from $3
062
015 in 2012 to $29
570 in 2013. Previous management had used
stock to compensate certain service providers and consultants due to the shortage of liquidity. Expense for investor and public
relations increased to $20
070 in 2013 from $1
970 in 2012 as the new management team increased efforts to communicate our goals
and programs to current and potential investors. Advertising for product sales declined by $8
924
 from $9
262 in 2012 to $338
in 2013 as we terminated production of previous food products and the associated sales programs. Our travel expense increased
to $11
965 in 2013 from $8
382 in 2012 due to additional travel in conjunction with our program to acquire other food industry
companies. Expenses for licenses and permits totaled $5
609 in 2013 due to reverse stock split and name change. No expenditures
were made in 2012 in this expense category. Our cost for communication decreased from $4
645 in 2012 to $3
000 in 2013. Other
general and administrative expenses increased by $1
746.

Other
income and expenses: Other income and expenses decreased from $1
431
487 in 2012
 to $160
109 in 2013. Our 2013 expense in this
category included a loss on the issuance of stock to a former financing source of $109
600. The Company had expensed $262
500
in 2012. In 2013 the amortization of debt discount was $255
625 an increase of $225
612 from 2012. The Company issues convertible
notes to finance operations. Some notes have embedded derivative features. The value of these instruments fluctuate as the trading
price of our common stock changes. During 2013 we experienced a non-cash gain of $679
347 from the decline in the value of these
derivative features. We also incurred a non-cash expense of $395

interest expenses increased by $78
542
 from $8
344 in 2012 to $86
886 in 2013. This increase was the result of the issuance of
interest bearing convertible promissory notes needed to finance the Company. A former note holder forgave an indebtedness of $6
000
and accrued interest of $2
000 which we recognized as income. In 2012 Other income and expense had included an expense of $707
450
recorded as Loyalty expense representing the value of stock to long term shareholders and an expense of $320
688 for losses incurred
on debt settlements. No charges were recorded for these categories in 2013.

Liquidity
&amp; Capital Resources

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates
among other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The
Company sustained a loss of $639
084 for the year ended December 31
 2013 and $5
384
983 for the year ended December 31
 2012.
Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations
 the Company requires additional funding for continuing the development
and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


    
    


We
are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At December 31
 2013 we had minimal assets and a working capital
deficit of $903
232. Our working capital deficit is due to the results of operations.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $190
753 and $179
022
 respectively. Net cash
used in operating activities primarily includes our net loss
 accrued salaries
 the amortization of debt discounts and debt premium
expense
 derivative expense
 losses on stock issued under our previous financing agreement
 convertible notes issued for services
accrued interest
 a consulting agreement with former officer
 and stock-based compensation. Cash generated through operations
included a change in the value of derivative liabilities.

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $223
750 and $163
800
 respectively. Net
cash provided by financing activities for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively included the issuance of convertible
notes ($229
000 and $150
800) and the sale of preferred stock ($5
000 and $15
560). In 2013 we also retired a convertible note
for a cash payment of $10
250.

We
anticipate that our cash requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations
 pay current obligations and
future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding in the near term for such requirements are expected to be cash generated
from raising additional funds by the issuance of convertible notes. However
 we can provide no assurances that we will be able
to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us
 if at all
 to remain a going concern.
Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on
a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. In addition
 our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise
capital to continue to expand our operations. We are presently engaged in capital raising activities through one or more private
offering of our company&rsquo;s securities. See &ldquo;Note 10&ndash; Going Concern&rdquo; in our financial statements for additional
information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a &ldquo;going concern.&rdquo;

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.


    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012


    
    


Silberstein
Ungar
 PLLC CPAs and Business Advisors

Phone
(248) 203-0080
Fax
(248) 281-0940
30600
Telegraph Road
 Suite 2175
Bingham
Farms
 MI 48025-4586


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.

 Inc.)

 Georgia


consolidated balance sheet of Stakool
 Inc. (now known as Fresh Promise Food
 Inc.)
 as of December 31
 2012
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company has determined that it is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit
includes examining on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also
includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Stakool
 Inc. (now
known as Fresh Promise Food
 Inc.) as of December 31
 2012 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then
ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Stakool
 Inc. (now known as Fresh Promise
Food
 Inc.) will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company has negative working
capital
 has received limited revenue from sales of products or services
 and has incurred losses from operations. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans with regard
to these matters are described in Note 2. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/
    Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC
    

Silberstein
    Ungar
 PLLC
    

Bingham
    Farms
 Michigan
    

April
    14
 2013
    



    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Fresh
Promise Foods
 Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. as of December 31
 2013 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly we express no such opinion. An audit
includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. as of December 31
 2013 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then
ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements

084
for the year ended December 31
 2013 and the

608
and

232

 2013. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management&rsquo;s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 10. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty


of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012 were audited by other auditors whose report dated April 14
 2013
 on these
consolidated financial statements included an emphasis-of-matter paragraph that described the going concern uncertainty discussed
in Note 2 to the December 31
 2012 consolidated financial statements.



    
/s/
    D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. 

    
Certified
    Public Accountants

    
    

Boca
    Raton
 Florida
    

April
    15
 2014
    




    
    



FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET



    
December
    31
 2013
December
    31
 2012

    
    
    

Current
    Assets
    
    

    
33
335
    

Current
    Assets
33
335
    

    
    
    

Property
    net
    
    

    
    
1
700

Total
    Assets
33
335
2
866

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
    
    

    
    
    

Current
    Liabilities
    
    

Accounts
    payable
236
797
259
395

Other
    liabilities
9
600
    

Accrued
    interest
23
358
2
451

Convertible
    notes payable
228
615
108
013

Accrued
    salaries due officers
64
000
    

Convertible
    note derivative liability
156
549
    

Amount
    due former officers under consulting agreements
47
000
    

Stock
    payable for acquisition
170
648
295
318

Total
    Current Liabilities
936
567
665
321

    
    
    

Common
    stock - par value $0.00001 475
000
000 shares authorized
 62
676
958 and 33
752
315 shares outstanding
 respectively.
    
    

Preferred
    stock Series C - par value $0.00001 100
000
000 shares authorized. 308
180 and 341
180 shares outstanding
 respectively.
    
    

Preferred
    stock Series B - no par value 10 shares authorized
 2 and 1 shares outstanding
 respectively.
    
    

Treasury
    stock
    
    

Deferred
    compensation
    
(22
500

Additional
    Paid In Capital
6
704
649
6
328
926

Accumulated
    deficit
(7
608
511
(6
969
422

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(903
232
(662
455

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
33
335
2
866



2012
                                         Weighted Average Shares Outstanding have been adjusted for 1 for 100 reverse stock split

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements


    
    



FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31



    
    
    

    
    
17
435

    
(2
515
(36
491

    
(2
451
(19
056

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
299
818
454
201

    
5
609
    

    
    
16
445

    
    
    

    
20
070
    

    
3
000
    

    
    
    

    
11
965
    

    
9
405
401
779

    
95
125
    

    
    
    

    
29
570
3
062
015

    
    
    

    
476
524
3
934
440

    
    
    

    
(478
975
(3
953
496

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(8
000
(3
750

    
(679
347
    

    
395
296
    

    
255
625
30
013

    
    
320
688

    
    
106
242

    
109
600
262
500

    
    
707
450

    
86
886
8
344

    
160
109
1
431
487

    
    
    

    
(639
084
(5
384
983

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(639
084
(5
384
983

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
37
481
275
8
643
346



2012
                                         Weighted Average Shares Outstanding have been adjusted for 1 for 100 reverse stock split

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
AS OF
DECEMBER 31
 2013




    

    Stock

    Stock A

    Stock B

    Stock C

    Stock
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    in
    
    
    

    

    Shares
    

    Shares
    

    Shares
    

    Shares
    

    Shares
    
    
    
    
    


    31
 2011
433
118
43
312
10
000
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
638
1
556
450
    
(1
584
439
81
961


    service
3
813
000
8
070
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
606
445
    
    
614
515

    
34
500
1
965
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
965
    
    
    

    
174
220
17
422
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
29
688
    
    
47
110


    sweetner
1
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
900
    
    
2
000


    issued stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(35
879
35
879
    
    
    


    payable
5
357
150
14
975
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
80
643
    
    
95
618


    par value
    
(76
775
    
(9
900
    
    
    
    
    
(20
551
107
226
    
    
    


    for service
    
    
    
    
    
    
53
000
    
    
    
132
500
(22
500
    
110
000


    for control
20
000
000
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
580
000
    
    
2
600
000


    for cash @ $2.50 per share
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
200
    
    
    
13
000
    
    
13
000


    to officer and director for control service
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    debt conversion
3
939
327
3
939
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
42
393
    
    
46
332


    against stock payable
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
262
500
    
    
262
500


    for convertible notes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
106
242
    
    
106
242


    A
    
    
(10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    conversion feature of convertible notes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
800
    
    
35
800


    issued to prior stockholder as a loyalty gift
    
    
    
    
    
    
282
980
    
    
    
707
447
    
    
707
450


    year ended December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
384
983
(5
384
983


    31
 2012
33
752
315
33
008
    
    
    
    
341
180
    
    
    
6
296
248
(22
500
(6
969
422
(662
455

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
256
982
2
257
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
313
    
    
29
570

    
190
879
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    split
    
(36
066
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
066
    
    
    


    note
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
000
    
    
13
000


    contracts
    
    
    
    
    
    
(35
000
    
    
    
(22
500
22
500
    
    


    to management
(20
000
000
(20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    


    in reverse stock split
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    cash
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
5
000

    
28
676
129
12
989
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
103
210
    
    
116
199


    agreement
17
800
000
7
504
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
226
766
    
    
234
270


    stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(639
084
(639
084


    31
 2013
62
676
958
    
    
    
    
    
308
180
    
    
    
6
704
649
    
(7
608
511
(903
232


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    



FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(639
084
(5
384
983

    
    
    

    
255
625
30
013

    
(679
347
    

    
395
296
    

    
(10
508
(3
750

    
    
707
450

    
    
320
688

    
109
600
262
500

    
169
500
    

    
48
912
    

    
29
570
3
062
015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
106
242


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
700
    

    
64
000
    

    
56
600
    

    
    
3
211

    
    
    

    
    
47
831

    
    
334
263

    
    
21
925

    
(22
598
309
601

    
29
065
3
345

    
(190
753
(179
022

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(10
250
    

    
229
000
150
800

    
5
000
13
000

    
223
750
163
800

    
    
    

    
32
997
(15
222

    
    
15
560

    
33
335
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
116
199
53
000

    
    
31
250

    
    
284
917

    
    
22
500

    
    
35
800

    
169
500
11
193

    
124
600
37
430


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013

NOTE
1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS

Stakool
Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes and
reorganizations. In November 1997 the Company moved its domicile to the State of Nevada. Through 2008 several additional name
changes were made. On August 21
 2008
 the Company changed its name to Hybid Hospitality
 Inc.

On
June 16
 2011
 Stakool entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Anthus Life&rdquo;).

On
July 20
 2011
 Stakool and Anthus Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares
of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange
for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &ldquo;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&rdquo;).
The parties amended the Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance
of an additional 2
650
000 shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of
Sale and Purchase and
 as of December 31
 2012
 $355
000 has been paid.

Anthus
Life Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. Anthus was a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products
packaged for consumer consumption. The Company had one product line in the natural food category. In 2013 the Company terminated
its production of products due to a lack of working capital. However as additional funds have been secured by the new management
team
 production will resume in the near future.

On
March 15
 2013 all officers and directors resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 and Director. On April 20
 2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk joined the Company and was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Canouse
 who continued as a Director
 assumed the title of Chief Financial Officer.

Effective
August 5
 2013 the Company completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common
shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were
rounded up to the next whole share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse
stock split.

On
September 26
 2013 the name of the Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of
authorized shares of common stock from four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).

The
company is headquartered in Alpharetta
 Georgia and currently in the process of developing new health frood products and seeking
acquisition opportunities.

GOING
CONCERN


statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern
which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has
incurred a net loss of $639
084 for the year ended December 31
 2013 and the Company had an accumulated deficit of $7
608
511
and a working capital deficit of $903
232 of December 31
 2013. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain
adequate capital
 it could be forced to cease operations.


the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&rsquo;s plan to obtain such resources for
the Company include
 obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses.
However
 management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.


will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory
to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations.
However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE
3 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

ACCOUNTING
BASIS

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP
accounting&rdquo;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Fresh Promise Foods Inc.
 Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary Anthus Life Corp. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been
eliminated upon consolidation.

CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Fresh
Promise Foods Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At
December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had $33
335 and $338 cash
 respectively.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013

NOTE
3 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

CASH
FLOWS REPORTING

The
Company follows ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to
whether they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect
or reconciliation method (&ldquo;Indirect method&rdquo;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow
from operating activities by adjusting net loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects
of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts
and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The
Company&rsquo;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.

USE
OF ESTIMATES

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
Company has adopted the guidance under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis.
ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest
priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level
in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that
in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity
is required to measure fair value using one or more of the techniques provided for in this update.

The
standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and
the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:

Level
1 &ndash; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
2 &ndash; Input other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.

Level
3 &ndash; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.

Our
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers
factors specific to the asset or liability.

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity&rdquo; and ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to
fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving
at the over all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free standing derivative instruments such
as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes model.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013

FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)



The
Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value as
their fair value were determined by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&rsquo;s
derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value
being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.

The
following table sets forth the liabilities at December 31
 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring
basis by level within the fair value hierarchy. As required
 these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement:



    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using

    
    
Quoted
    prices in
Significant
    Other
    

    
    
Active
    Markets for
    
    

    
    
Identical
    Assets
    
    

    
    
(Level
    l)
(Level
    2)
(Level
    3)


    option
156
549
    
    
156
549

    
156
549
    
    
156
549



The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    


    of convertible promissory notes and warrants included in earnings
(359
743

Embedded
    conversion option 
835
896


    convertible promissory notes due to conversion
(319
604

    
156
549



    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013



Inventories
previously consisted of natural and organic food products
 wrappers and boxes
 and were stated at the lower of cost or market.
Cost was determined on the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically. As of December 31
 2013
and 2012
 the company maintained no inventory.

ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

The
Company&rsquo;s receivables had consisted of billings to customers for products invoiced and shipped and one temporary cash advance
to a related party. The Company charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance
for doubtful accounts was zero at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the year ended
December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 was zero and $462 respectively.

PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT

Currently
the company has no capital assets. Previously assets were depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 three to seven years
using the straight-line method of depreciation for book purposes.

NET
INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share.&rdquo; The weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding during each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or
loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive
potential common shares are additional common shares assumed to be exercised.

Basic
net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
2013 and 2012. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net loss available to common shareholders
by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the
Company had convertible notes and warrants outstanding that could be converted into approximately 91
935
386 common shares based
up the closing bid price of the company&rsquo;s common stock at December 31
 2013.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013

NOTE
3 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

REVENUE
RECOGNITION

The
Company derives revenue from the sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company
considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price
is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

SHARE-BASED
EXPENSE

ASC
718
 
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment
transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue
shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements
based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services
in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC
505-50
 Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees
is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments
issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

Share-based
expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 totaled $29
570 and $3
062
015
 respectively.

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP
literature recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases
and believes any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.




pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and
the tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.&nbsp;


of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain
that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty
about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the
guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based
on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other
positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit
that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the
benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability
for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management
has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31

returns for tax years 2012
 2011
 and 2010 remain subject to IRS examination under the three year statute of limitations.

NOTE
4 &ndash; PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost. The Company depreciates the equipment using the straight-line method over the useful lives
of the equipment. The useful lives are estimated to be between 3 and 7 years. Depreciation expense was $200 and $483 for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company determined that the office equipment located at its previous office
location in Jacksonville
 Florida was impaired and not worth relocating to the new office. An expense for this equipment was recorded
of $628 for the year ended December 31
 2013. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012:




    
    
    

    
1
192
1
192

    
    
    

    
1
841
1
841

    
(1
013
(1
013


 net.
    
    

    
    
    


 net.
    
    



    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013

NOTE
5 &ndash; STOCK PAYABLE 

On
April 26
 2012
 The Company entered into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes
OODS

 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging costs and certain manufacturing costs)
 in exchange
for unregistered shares of common stock. Pursuant to an order approving stipulation for settlement of claims between Ironridge
and the Company
 Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million common shares plus that number of shares with an aggregate value equal
to $332
748
 divided by 70% of the following: the volume weighted average price of the issuer&rsquo;s common stock over that number
of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt required for the aggregate trading volume to exceed $1.75 million
 not
to exceed the arithmetic average of the individual daily volume weighted average prices of any five trading days during such period.

Ironridge
is prohibited from receiving any shares of common stock that would cause it to be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99% of
the Company&rsquo;s total outstanding shares at any one time. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares
 and may
be required to return or be entitled to receive shares
 based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes
of calculating the percent of class
 the initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 875
491 shares of common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of shares to Ironridge
 such that 97
150 shares issued would represent approximately
9.99% of the outstanding common stock after such issuance. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 Ironridge received
17
800
000 and additional 5
357
150 shares respectively
 which were recorded at $234
200 and $354
103 respectively. For the same
periods the company recorded losses on these transactions of $109
600 and $316
602 respectively. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
the balance of shares due Ironridge Global was 24
378
310 and 42
178
310 respectively
 which was recorded at values of $170
648
and $295
318 respectively. Carrying value of amounts due under this agreement are computed by multiplying the percentage of total
shares due issued to Ironridge times the initial value of the obligation recorded in 2012. In connection with the transaction
Ironridge agreed not to hold any short position in the issuer&rsquo;s common stock
 and not to engage in or affect
 directly or
indirectly
 any short sale until at least 180 days after the end of the calculation period.


    
    


FRESH PROMISE
FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013

NOTE 6 &ndash; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE
NOTES PAYABLE


31
 2013 and 2012:




All
    common share data in this table have been adjusted for the reverse stock split.
Balance
    Due at

    
    
    


 2011 the Company executed a promissory
    note for &nbsp;$6
000. The note is non-interest bearing and is secured by common &nbsp;stock of the Company. The note was
    convertible into common stock at the par value of the common stock. The note holder has forgiven this indebtedness.
    
6
000

    
    
    


 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for
    &nbsp;$50
000. The note bears interest at 10% and is secured by &nbsp;common stock of the Company. The note is convertible
    into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was &nbsp;converted to 2
639
327 shares
    of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features of
    other notes
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fullfill all
    conversion obligations. Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value
    the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0013
 volatility of 597%
 and an assumed
    dividend rate of 0 %.
20
000
20
000

    
    
    


 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for
    $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common
    stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price
    during a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion
    price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. 
    The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability
    with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 286%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    &nbsp;The note was converted into 4
888
889 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
32
500

    
    
    


 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for
    $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common
    stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price
    during a &nbsp;a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion
    price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. 
    The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability
    with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .006
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    The note was converted into 5
388
537 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
32
500





    
    


FRESH PROMISE
FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013









 2013 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $10
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to
    common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during a 90 day
    period prior to &nbsp;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &nbsp;conversion price.
    Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for
    this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest
    rate of .001
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. The note was converted into 1
677
060 shares of common
    stock in 2013.
    
    

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &nbsp;$45
000.
    The note bears interest at 8 % and is unsecured. &nbsp;The loan matures March 5
 2014 If agreed to by the Company
 the note
    may be amended to allow it to be converted into common stock of the Company at a discount rate to be determined.
45
000
    

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes
    for &nbsp;services provided totaling $109
500. The notes are payable upon demand. The notes do not earn interest but default
    interest will be accrued at 12 % &nbsp;if the Company fails to pay upon demand by the note holder. The notes &nbsp;can be
    converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted
    / (Average price x 3)
109
500
    

    
    
    

On April 6
 2013 the
                                         Company executed a promissory note for $27
500. &nbsp;The note bears interest at 8% and
                                         is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock
                                         at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading
                                         price during a 90 day period prior to &nbsp;conversion unless the Company sells or issues
                                         stock at a price lower than the &nbsp;conversion price. Should this occur the conversion
                                         price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability
                                         for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the
                                         following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed
                                         dividend rate of 0 %.

                                         was repaid by a cash payment of $10
250. The remaining portion of the note was converted
                                         to 3
988
570 shares of common stock of Company in 2013.
    
    




    
    


FRESH PROMISE
FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013







On May
                                         06
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $22
500. The note bears interest
                                         at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common
                                         stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
                                         of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &nbsp;&nbsp;a 10 days period prior to conversion
                                         unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price.
                                         Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

                                         had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value
                                         the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0011
                                         volatility of 482%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

                                         was converted into 3
840
961 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    

    
    
    

On June 04
 2013 the
                                         Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is
                                         secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at
                                         a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the
                                         lowest 3 day trading price during a &nbsp;&nbsp;a 10 days period prior to conversion
                                         unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price.
                                         Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

                                         a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative
                                         liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0014
 volatility
                                         of 517%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
15
000
    

    
    
    

On June 21
 2013 a
                                         third party purchased a portion of a convertible note of the Company previously issued
                                         to another party. The note had a value of &nbsp;$22
800 and was convertible into to common
                                         stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45%
                                         off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
                                         price during a &nbsp;&nbsp;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells
                                         or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion
                                         price is reduced to that lower price.

                                         a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative
                                         liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
 volatility
                                         of 323%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

                                         into 4
185
380 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
22
800




    
    


FRESH PROMISE
FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013





On July
                                         23
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
500. The note bears interest
                                         at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common
                                         stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
                                         of the lowest 10 day trading price during a &nbsp;&nbsp;a 10 days period prior to conversion
                                         unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price.
                                         Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

                                         had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value
                                         the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
                                         volatility of 580%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
15
500
    

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for
    &nbsp;$15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of
    35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability
    of $8
077
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity
    and bears interest at 6% per annum.
23
077
    

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for
    $75
000. The note bears interest at 6 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures March 26
 2014. &nbsp;On
    September 30
 2013 the note was converted into 3
846
154 shares of common stock at a discount of 35% off the average bid price
    the day prior to conversion. Due to this feature we recorded a liability of $40
835. The note also provided for the purchase
    of 4
000
000 shares of common stock by &nbsp;execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date
    of this note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that
    level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lowest selling price. The Company has recorded
    a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method &nbsp;to value the derivative liability
    with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest Rate of .0012
 volatility of 596%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    




    
    


FRESH PROMISE
FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2013







 2013 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $7
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 21
 2014.
    On November 19
 2013 the note was converted into 923
077 shares of common stock of the Company. The note was convertible at
    the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&rsquo;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of
    400
000 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this
    agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
    the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due
    to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &nbsp;the following assumptions:
    Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 598%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for
    $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The
    note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&rsquo;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also
    provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date
    of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level.
    Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative
    liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &nbsp;the
    following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 599%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
2
500
    

    
    
    

On December 12
 2013
                                         the Company executed a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and
                                         is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock
                                         180 days after issuance. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45%
                                         off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
                                         price during a &nbsp;&nbsp;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells
                                         or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion
                                         price is reduced to that lower price.

                                         a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative
                                         liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
 volatility
                                         of 586%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
53
000
    

    
    
    

    
(54
962
(5
787

    
    
    


 net of unamortized
    discounts
228
615
108
013




    
    


FRESH PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31
 2013




31
 2012
 the Company issued 2
000
000
000 shares of common stock and 1 share of convertible preferred B stock to an officer and
director that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012. The Company also recorded
consulting expense paid to this director of $50
000 for the year ended December 31
 2012. In 2013 the 2
000
000
000 shares (20
000
000
post-reverse split) were transferred to Joseph Canouse and subsequently cancelled.


31
 2012
 the Company issued 35
000 shares of convertible preferred C stock for services rendered to related parties.


Canouse received the 1 share of convertible Preferred B stock previously issued to a director. Also
 during the year ended December
31
 2013
 the Company issued 1 additional shares of convertible preferred B stock to Mr. Quirk when he joined the Company. The
stock has no par value and is not traded publicly.

NOTE 8 &ndash;STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY (DEFICIT)


to its Articles of Incorporation with the state of Nevada on July 23
 2012 to change the designation of its capital and preferred
stock
 as follows. The authorized common stock of the Company consist of 4
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company
also has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred A stock authorized
 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock
authorized
 and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional
paid in capital accounts on its balance sheet at September 30
 2012 for common and Preferred A stocks.


has been cancelled.




B Preferred has voting rights equal to four times the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 all shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 the number of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting.


of the Board
 the Board issued an aggregate of two (2) shares of Series B Preferred

B Stockholders
 the Series B Stockholders together
hold in the aggregate approximately 80% of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the Company.




has voting rights of one vote per share owned. The Preferred C stock is convertible into common stock of the Company at the rate
of 0.10 per common share for each share of Preferred C stock. The holders of Series C Preferred stock are entitled to receive
any dividend declared by the Board of Directors.




31
 2012
 the Company issued 19
500 shares of restricted common stock to initial private placement investors in Anthus Life per
terms of their subscription agreements.


31
 2012
 the Company issued 36
500 shares of common stock and 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock to consultants for
services. The Company also issued 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock to a consultant for deferred services.


31
 2012
 he Company issued 26
500 shares of common stock to the former management per the acquisition agreement.


31
 2012 the Company issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock
 35
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock and 1 share of Convertible
Preferred B stock to related parties that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012.


 2012
 the Company retired
358
785 shares of common stock held in treasury at December 31
 2011.


2012
 the Company converted five convertible notes payable from non-related parties along with the accrued interest for a total
of $93
443 into 4
113
547 shares of its common stock. The Company also issued 100
000 shares of common stock for $2
000 to a non-related
party.


2012
 the Company issued 5
200 shares of preferred C stock for $13
000 in cash.


 2012
 the Company entered
into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes the balance of the Note Payable
for the acquisition of Stakool by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging costs and certain manufacturing
costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued an additional 5
260
000 shares of unrestricted common
stock to Ironridge.


 2012
 the Company
filed a Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form S-8 registered 4
000
000 shares of its common stock in
connection with the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Incentive Stock Plan.


    
    



FRESH PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31
 2013

NOTE 8 &ndash;STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY (DEFICIT) CONTINUED


 the
Company issued 282
980 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Convertible Preferred C stock. The stock was issued as an addendum to the
subscription agreements associated with the open private placement investments made by various investors between fiscal year 2009
and 2011.


 2012 the Company issued
3
750
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to various consultants for services. The Company registered the common
stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on September 14
 2012.


 2012 the Company issued
500
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to Asher Enterprise
 Inc. at a value of $15
000. The shares were issued
as principal reduction to a Promissory Note dated January 16
 2012 between the Company and a non-related party.


2012
 the Company issued 150
000 shares of restricted common stock to initial private placement investors in Anthus Life per terms
of their subscription agreements.


2012 the Company retired 10
000
000 shares of its Preferred A stock
 which accounted for all of the issued and outstanding Preferred
A Stock.


to its Articles of Incorporation with the state of Nevada on November 5
 2013 to change the designation of its capital and preferred
stock
 as follows:


of the Company consist of 475
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001
Preferred C stock authorized and 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized.
 and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001
par value Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in capital accounts on its balance
sheet at September 30
 2013 for common and Preferred A stocks.


31
 2013
 the Company issued 48
733
764 shares of common stock and cancelled 20
000
000 shares of common stock.


31
 2013
 the Company issued 2
256
982 shares of common stock to service providers
 28
676
129 shares of common stock in conjunction
with the conversion of promissory notes
 17
800
000 shares of common stock in to IronRidge Global under an agreement previous
described in this filing
 and 653 shares of common stock in conjunction with the rounding of shares produced by the reverse stock
split previously described in this filing.


31
 2013
 the former CEO of the Company transferred 2 shares of Preferred Series B to Mr. Joseph C. Canouse when he assumed the
positions of President and CEO. Subsequently
 when Mr. Kevin Quirk became CEO of the Company Mr. Canouse transferred 1 share of
the Preferred Series B stock to Mr. Quirk.


the cancellation of previous reported treasury stock with a book value of $208.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on September 26
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at
the date of the grant at $140
000 using the Black-Sholes option &ndash;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free
interest rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 720%
 and an expected life of two years.


    
    


FRESH PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31
 2013

NOTE 8 &ndash;STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY (DEFICIT) CONTINUED


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 400
000 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 21
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $5
600 using the Black-Sholes option &ndash;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 598%
 and an expected life of two years.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 133
334 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 29
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $3
099 using the Black-Sholes option &ndash;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
rate of 0.011 %
 volatility factor of 599%
 and an expected life of two years.


outstanding as of December 31
 2013:




    
    
Weighted
                                         Average

                                         Price


 2012
    
    


 2013
4
000
000
$
                                         0 .02


 2013
400
000
$
                                         0 .02


 2013
133
334
$
                                         0 .02


 2013
4
533
334
$
                                         0 .02

    
    
    

    
4
533
334
$
                                         0 .02






    
    


FRESH PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31
 2012



As
of December 31
 2013
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of $7
608
511 that may be available to reduce future years&rsquo;
taxable income through 2028. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have been recognized in these consolidated
financial statements
 as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly
 the Company has not recorded a valuation
allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards


consists of the following for the years 2013 and 2012:




    
    
    


    attributable to:
    
    


    operations
179
636
1
830
894


    Valuation allowance
(179
636
(1
830
894

    
    
    


    Federal income taxes
    
    




rate of 34% to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
    

    
(217
289
(1
830
894

    
41
466
    

    
175
823
1
                                         
830
894

    
    
    



The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 34% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2013 and 2011:




    
    
    

Deferred
    tax asset attributable to:
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryover
2
549
239
2
369
603.00

Less:
    valuation allowance
(2
549
239
(2
369
603.00

Net
    deferred tax asset
    
    




increased by $175
823 in 2013. Tax net operating loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event
of certain ownership changes.


    
    


FRESH PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31
 2012




 2014 the Company issued
500
000 shares of common stock to a service provider for services rendered. An expense of $2
950.00 was recorded for this transaction.


 2014 the Company issued
2
664
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4
000
face value plus accrued interest of $103. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0015 as provided
by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
5
050
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $10
100
face value plus accrued interest of $66. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.002 as provided by
the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
2
804
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013
for $7
000 face value plus accrued interest of $560. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0026
as provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
3
666
667 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note issued under a consulting agreement
with a former officer.


 2014 the Company issued
3
010
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for
$5
400 principal plus accrued interest of $620. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.002 as provided
by the note agreement..


 2014 the
Company issued 2
543
235 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated
March 05
 2013 for $5
000 principal. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0019 as provided by the
note agreement..


 2014 the
Company issued 1
792
813 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated
June 4
 2013 for $4
000 principal. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0022 as provided by the
note agreement..


 2014 the Company
issued 8
000
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with Ironridge Global
 previous discussed.
The stock was recorded at $56
000 but had a fair market value of $80
000. The Company recorded a loss on this issuance of $24
000.


 together with certain
other parties (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard
Gotshalk
 Clinton Hall
 LLC
 Richard Maher and Patrick O&rsquo;Loughlin (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;). On April
25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including
securities fraud and breach of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file
an answer with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against the Plaintiffs.
The Company is continuing to vigorously defend itself against this lawsuit and in March 2014 has retained an attorney in Nevada
to pursue the matter.


we are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or
by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive
officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our
subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as
such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.


855-10
 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2013 to the date these consolidated financial statements
were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these consolidated financial
statements.


    
    


Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants and Financial Disclosure


 2013
Stakool Inc. dismissed Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC as its independent registered public accounting firm and engaged D&rsquo;Arelli
Pruzansky
 P.A. as our independent registered public accounting firm. Silberstein Ungar PLLC audited our financial statements
for the periods ended December 31
 2011 and December 31
 2012 and review the financials prepared by the previous public accounting
firm for the period ended December 31
 2010. The dismissal of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC was approved by our Board of Directors on
July 17
 2013. Silberstein Ungar PLLC did not resign or decline to stand for re-election.


of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC dated April 14
 2013 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related statements
of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 nor the report
of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC dated April 17
 2012 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2011 and 2010 and the related statements
of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2011 and 2010 contained an
adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
 nor was either such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope
 or
accounting principles
 except that both such reports raised substantial doubts on our ability to continue as a going concern.


most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period preceding our decision to dismiss Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC we had no
disagreements with the firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope
of procedure which disagreement if not resolved to the satisfaction of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC would have caused it to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report.


most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period prior to retaining D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. (1) neither we nor
anyone on our behalf consulted D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. regarding (a) either the application of accounting principles to
a specified transaction
 either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements
or (b) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and (v)
 respectively
of Regulation S-K
 and (2) D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. did not provide us with a written report or oral advice that they concluded
was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue.


Ungar
 PLLC with a copy of this Current Report on Form 8-K prior to its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and
requested that the firm furnish us with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether they agree
with the statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K
 and if not
 stating the aspects with which they do not agree. A copy
of the letter provided by Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC is filed as Exhibit 16.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures


CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES


 with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as of December 31
 2013.


above
 our Chief Executive Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of
the period covered by this report.


REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING


changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred subsequent to our evaluation of our internal control over
financial reporting for the period ended December 31
 2013 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting under the supervision of the President and
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013
 based on the framework and criteria
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO)
 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting were not effective.



    
    



under the supervision of
 and with the participation of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e) to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation
 our management
 including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not adequate
and effective
 as of December 31
 2013
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that it files
or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods
specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.


disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control
system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the system are
met and cannot detect all deviations. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of control can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or deviations
 if any
 within the Company have been
detected.


an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this report.






    
    




Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance




Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 percent of a registered class of our
equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of our common stock and other equity securities. These Section 16 reporting persons are required by Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16 forms they file.

Item 11. Executive
Summary and Compensation

Information Regarding the
ROMISE
.
 Inc


directors shall consist of at least one member and will be determined by resolution of our board of directors. The number of members
of our board of directors is currently two.


and provides their respective ages and titles as of December 31
 2013.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 CFO

    
    
    
    

 President
 CEO

    
    
    
    

 President
 CEO

    
    
    
    

 Secretary

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




 2013
 Peter
Hellwig
 Kenji Katayama
 and Christian Breda resigned as directors and from all officer positions then currently held; as of such
date Joseph C. Canouse was appointed as Director
 President and Chief Executive Officer.


 2013
 Kevin
P. Quirk was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer and as a Director. As of such date
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as President
and Chief Executive Officer
 assuming the roles of Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors.


 2013
 Elsa
Desousa
 was removed from the Board of Directors.



Kevin P. Quirk
 age 46
 President
Chief Executive Officer
 Director
 age 46
 an accomplished executive with more than two decades of consumer products
operating experience spanning general management and senior marketing roles in Fortune 500 corporations and start-up ventures
is now responsible for determing the Company&rsquo;s strategic direction and managing performance against overall business objectives
in keeping with the Company&rsquo;s mission. Most recently
 Mr. Quirk was raising capital for innovative start-up companies in
the consumer products space. Prior to that
 Mr. Quirk founded White Hat Brands
 LLC
 a functional beverage manufacturer focused
on children&rsquo;s health and wellness issues
 which he later sold after raising multiple rounds of financing and stewarding
the business to a successful exit. Prior to that Mr. Quirk held a variety of senior-level marketing positions for the Coca-Cola
Company
 where he initially hired into the Coca-Cola Accelerated Program
 the company&rsquo;s coveted management training program
and later served as Director of Marketing for Minute Maid brands. In addition
 Mr. Quirk spent nearly a decade at Anheuser-Busch
where he worked in brand management
 field sales and marketing
 wholesaler development
 and strategic planning
 most notably as
Market Development Manager of the Wisconsin territory and as founder of such company&rsquo;s business development group
 providing
internal management consulting to a network of over 800 distributors. Mr. Quirk holds a BS in Marketing and a BA in Communications
from Saint Louis University
 and a letter of MBA equivalence from Harvard Business School.

Joseph C. Canouse
 age 50
 Chief
Financial Officer
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
 
 age 49
 combines over twenty plus years of experience
in finance
 consulting and public company restructuring. Previously
 he had been involved in financing public and private companies
where his firms raised over one billion dollars
 primarily in the firm he founded in 1995
 J.P. Carey. From 2011 through present
Mr. Canouse has been the Chief Executive Officer for Quasar Aerospace Industries
 Inc.
 an aviation-related company. From 2011
to present he has held the same position for Expert Group
 Inc.
 a company that transitioned from financial services to becoming
involved in bottling natural spring water. He has an undergraduate degree from Stetson University where he graduated in 1986.



    
    





our directors
 executive officers
 or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become directors or executive officers.




any committees.

Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act


the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of a class of securities registered
under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC.
Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish
the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).


reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December
31
 2013
 were timely
 except for Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
 2013
 which was filed on May 23
 2013.




because we wanted to complete our constitution of the Board prior to adopting such code of ethics to allow the entire Board to
review and approve a code of ethics.




which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that is adverse to our Company or
any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries. No director or executive
officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy petition
filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is the
subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been the subject of any
order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement
in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director or officer has been found by
a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.


    
    





for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and each
of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total annual salary and bonuses that exceeded
$100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.



SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE

Name and
    
(b)
    
(c)
    
(d)
    

    

    Option Awards

    
    Plan 
Nonqualified
                                         Deferred Earnings

    
(j)
    
    



    
19
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
400

    
    
50
000
    
2
600
000
    
    
    
    
2
650
000

    
    
65
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
65
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chairman
 Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





March 15
 2013 Mr. Hellwig resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer and and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed to those
positions.

April 20
 2013 Mr. Canouse resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Quirk was appointed to those positions and
named a Director.

 2013 Mr. Canouse
was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors.




will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors may be compensated for out-of-pocket
expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters


concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders who were known by us to be beneficial
owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of December 31
 2013
 and our officers and directors
 individually and as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of common stock.


    
    



with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and generally includes voting or investment power
with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules
 shares of our common stock which may be acquired upon exercise of
stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days of the date of the table
are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees
 if applicable. Subject to community property laws
 where applicable
 the persons
or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock indicated as beneficially
owned by them.


Effective
                                         March 15
 2013
 Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer and
                                         Director. As a result of this appointment and change in control
 the 1
100
000
000 shares
                                         originally held by Peter Hellwig (former President and Chief Executive Officer) were
                                         transferred to Joseph C. Canouse. This stock was subsequently cancelled on May 31
 2013
                                         and is no longer held by Mr. Canouse. 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence


We
have not entered into any transactions nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our Directors
 executive officers
stockholders or any member of their immediate family of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services


presents the aggregate fees billed by for services provided during our 2011 and 2012 fiscal years.




    
    
    

    
22
500
13
800

    
    
1
200

    
22
500
$
                                         15
000


.

 PLLC ($2
500) and D&rsquo;Arelli
Pruzansky
 PA ($20
000) for fiscal years 2013 and 2012 in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review
of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The amounts also include fees for services that are
normally provided by the independent public registered accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and
engagements for the years identified.

Audit-Related
The fees identified under this caption were for assurance and related services that were related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; Audit-related
fees consisted primarily of fees paid for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and consents related to our uniform
franchise offering circulars.

.


.

of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2013 and 2012 were pre-approved by Board of Directors.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 Schedules



    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation
 as amended
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18
 2000.

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
    incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo; Registration Statement on Form 10/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on December 17
 1998

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on August 31
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Correction
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on August 31
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Correction
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on August 31
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 10-Q filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on November 19
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 10-Q filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on November 19
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Amended Payment Schedule
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on May 15
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)) *

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a))*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase *






    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
FRESH
    PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 15
 2014
    
/s/
    Kevin Quirk

    
    
Name:
    Kevin Quirk

    
    
Title:
    Chief Executive Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
Title
                                         Director
 Chairman of the Board
        
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph C. Canouse
    
    
    
April
    15
 2014

Joseph
    C. Canouse
    
    
    
    



    
    


















     






CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER







 Joseph C. Canouse
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included
in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for




I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including
its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s




I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who





Date: April 15
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.



    
    














     






CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER







 Joseph C. Canouse
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included
in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for




I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including
its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s




I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who





Date: April 15
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.



    
    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER



THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Kevin P. Quirk
 Principal Executive Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2013
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended; and



the information contained in such Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.




Date: April 15
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.



    
    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER



THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2013
 as filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Joseph C. Canouse
 Principal Financial Officer of the Company
certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2013
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended; and



the information contained in such Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.




Date: April 15
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.



    
    












begin 644 logo1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

W,-M]GLIRT
MY<_-L3;\V:^!!_P74_8?)QGXOX]?^%<77\O[0R?R[UP/_!?0?\8K_#0Y_\`

A#JDK*[)\P&

MOFN!JSPN=T

MOY$/^$#\=]/^$)\9?3_A%?$'\O[.]:!X#\=]!X)\99]!X5\0?_*ZOU3_`(E?

MQWG_`)$?QF??_A%-?_KIPJ&7P9XTM4:6X\'^+;:-1EI)_#.N1(!ZEGT\+@=S
MG@G&::^B[X*MI+/

/Z145S2X?R916[?`F9I+U;=
ME\S^O7_A^G^P_P#]5A_\-O=?_+&D/_!=3]B#^[\83_W3BZ_KJ(K^.F4203?9
MIPT
_(











MCM]:.2/G]X.H^B7WGW?_`



WK_G^M%T]FGY)IO[MPOUZ=[.WWVL+1113`**0D`$]<

_Y'_E==U]Z`6BDSGU_(C^8HR.?8$X[\?Y_&BZ[K[T'
M]?U:XM%-#*1G(Q]0?Y9S^%.IW3VU]-5]^WXA?_AMG]SL_P``HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***


M?\%]?^35OAK_`-EQT/Z_\BQXEKX)_P0[
/A=\:P&VC_A8WAW(&.?\`BEB1
W_!?8C_`(96^&HYY^.&A_IX8\1Y[_E_2O@;_@D*-WPN^-.[

M4_7

9P



^H.
]:'8LA5SN!7#*P5QR1@88$=CD')(Z]C7A$G[4/
M[.


M-[5[WP9XN\

MQ6


MS:1JTL]M=
!!;7L+M'&W[+'`&

8#0!C.0&'/!SQCK
MG.
\D#G//`Y!KZC@SQ0XXX$Q]'&9%GV/5&E./M\JQV(KXS*

M2J+#9Q@<)A<OS
MK+Z]2
H+%87

+AL/.=2


U-H^5UG1LC&=

MM/#OB^2)``+GSQ_8NKW&TF=9=/NICYBR.WXR:0&.L:/GHNL:0!ZG_B96WT/`


PLI)VE&
FJ
8X)
MX''4DURJKRIX?&48RDZ&+H5Z;?+RG]G-K\UI9KD@QLC@9Y_T:$\\CID<$&I

M)[?6*]O+]]BOZ_$_WAP7^Y8/1K_9
+OM_NN#O;MM^/0:H`/WLYX'!'OUSWZ#
M&

.!
M@`YR


M'A'7M6\

MK_\`ALG]K=E#?\-+?&X$*68GXB:^1@GJ2;OMZ#`'T%?NGA3X$9UXL93F6=97
MGN4Y31RO


]LGA'[/V2A44&IKG4TWK&S/YI\:_I*\




L


M/Y$8_F;.
GS7A[

M3F.0
]
H3W&Z+W/!YSGU],U_!^W%\4?B?I?[9'[3&G:;\3?B/IFFV/QA\5




`3G.,D\_B<`?EGMZ
MFOXCOVW/^@GQT^(7[4?Q=U;X6?&WXC^#?AOI'B6;P?X
TCPAXNU31M$DTCP



M2/54$B!HD`_IG&_1=XTP7`]7C26;955J4
%%%&?Z^G;\?\]\4#N%1MU;UX.0
M0#P!D'C(!]3[8&<9DJ&0G!'3KR.N=HY_#/\`G%)[:;].VSW[[;=[?3IK\^F



#DX.
C(48.
M9)]SQ@UYG\:K^]TKX/?%74M



M
?0QM6>)6*PN+Q
WT@
E\%\RX6RW-L@S;.

SDDLS01D

/`&HZO\3]8T_5+SP;


52O*\XMZ*3/T;Q`XYP/

M.*?[F!CD##



M`8X))S@`D=

_'7BOP!K5Y\8]!T



M'@YSNZ9^[^F0N3]0
=N:8?3G&/XL@8/I]W!!!R2
#@XK_/@_X;+_`&LQ@G]I
O2MO2OVZ?VR=+E273OVG_C-&R-N`?QM=WRDY


M::-9:3K



M
O\`;.2]G+%4_92E)0=:%1J

#S)481DZD,)4]LHQ<U1G\H_:_^?K135.02#D9]<]L8
M/)Y[GZY[TXD#J0/K7Y`FG9KKMH_RM?;ND?OETMVEYWT^\**/\_6BF%UWWV\P

M72T;2;V5]Q:**
]/?Z?Y_*@=TMVEZNP4444`%%)D#KQ]:6C^NO\`E;\175[7
M5^U]?NBDR.G?TI:/ZZ_Y`FGLT[;V844F?;^7^.:,]N_/Z?Y_P`\T#NA:***
M`BBB@+K?H%(?_K?G_\`7`I:0YZ\G'.

M
Y_$YXR2!G@=LYI=W&1D'&=I!../P&

M:\0S6\\+%)89H=*NI(98W&DD;JKHRX*LH(Y&:_@/'[8_PUKYRJ?VE?C:09
X\/:--/-*Q:6::33;1Y99&/WI)'9G=CRSL2<9-

MH5U%ZN*KT*-=1=KJ\574=-+Q=M+!1129SD=QU_I4?UU-KJ]KJ_:XM%%`Y_S_



ZM\)^Z5*3JKEO[RY9.=M

NR_
EC
OQN64



MV_'\3_0?+''(X/0@$=#U)/&










MC...X]#UY]QU_GBOYBS?*
TR#

M$XM3I5:4JE&K2E&I2J3A)
_LG(.(
EXHRC`Y]P_F6$S;*
RH+$8+'X.JJMO
M2;MH])0J0DG3K4*L85J%6,Z56GI%IOHHHKSCV`II!Y^;'/MT_3O[TZF.0`0



MZ@F1E

MQU#
5B\10H3Q$*%


M;2D?*+BTG



M?^2WZ)_ZC'B






MDHR4XS]WE^%IN

%HBPPOKNF




$

LK.



M\_\`'M%WV_RQFG-\OW3P1@]QGGC)[_2OXPQ*_P!IQ/\`V$U^MW_'Q6Y_H%@G

8'8

MD[3Z#)QGZ8YP.OY@#$\



%-/^3#?VF_^R:W_P#Z6:=7
M\//PEX^*GPMQT'Q

M33334K-----)III-?Y=_3=C&?C#X6PG&

YL1SGJ

P$=S%')'

JRW'ACQ=IC?9/$.@W#*
D6E


LHJ8B.&S?*L745W





MG//#'G').



M^*WC73[Q+;Q?KNEGP!X%!D*2/XJ\8;M*MKF$*RN&TBREO]9=D!9$T]V^7;FO
MO!B
-C;GL21@D]
XYZGOWK^4/_@O/^T&OBOXP_#W]G71K_S-)^%NBCQOXLBA



9))ZGYI_\`!/SX)VGQ^_:[
M^#/PVU6R35/#MSK=_K_BVUN(_.AN/#7A?1[W5=3%V'0H8;R1+6S=ONO+=1XP
MVP'Q3XO^`O$?P`^.OQ!^'SS3Z=XC^$_Q'U33M+ODWQ30S:!K`U+PUK%NV`2)
MK




MWH?I.=9O@
@RC





MBDI/=SU))Q@=^/48X!SZ@^O0C%






I2G0HXAQ
M@G*4%%-KY3A+Z6'@EQAF=#*

M\

\

MTTTTVFF_XD_^RO_`D!^*I_ZECX:?IX2M?\:_=3_@A=_P`F01_]E=^(G_H_

M_P#J

MC_@G7].[_DJO!_\`Q9I_ZO\`(S_2.TX9L=/R
_Z':?A_H\?/X?\`Z^*^8OVJ





FO?W4O@WI_@UT;P)?\`C%=9M?%USKTL\EEJVG::+(VL
MNCV*1I(E\93
.,JXFK8/QK



M2?I`5^%O_!?
?\8J_#OM_P`7R\.'_P`M?Q4/\_2OW2K\+?\`@OG_`
FJ?#O_



L;@Z4JL\?F/-4=+#X

MK+




M:?





?%7
MP]XOX4XVJ2SQ9:H91+'8Z*JXG%95G.6XATH8NIRQJ8C%Y?4P[5+%34J_LH4.


M9(E$YG5F





MVOQ7



`
M^IQW].#U^@/;(KXL_8*_:NO?VRO@);?&?4O!EMX$N)O%WBKPQ_8-IJ\NNQ*O
MAV[CM5NA?S6=E(S70D9FB^SJL9&T


XCQ
M/%SX%HX&
7VB;U6C/O_<





W3O.$6W'XHV][='[
M/P/QYPQXBY##B7A'
99GD]3%XK!0Q4\+BL(WB

M]WJ*6'0].

M



M]/I'X2_\'`/CBRU&UMOCE\#/#^KZ


SP(S3%TL(\_P`XRWVU2-*.)S/A['T


`G`YX//IBE#@Y//`.1V
MX/OC)_3M7@/[/7[2?PA_:C\!6GQ&^#?BNV\3:!)+]BU.SDB:QUWPYJJ1K)+H



)TY+W7'W6IQ:G4H
M.,G_`$UEN:9=G&`PV:Y3CL+F66XW#PQ.QVKTL5A,7AZBYH5L/6H2G3J0DK
MQTDI0G&5.I$X2BGLW.



0HC.2:[[]E'_@I'X-^-?[



M9I7Y





U^F1X$Y5F-7+O]8LUS%TJ




HRJU)*%I3G-VC2H4J<7^\KXBK1HQ6\TV
MHR]/B;BKA[@W*






)G?DR._G;`YX_TZ=3^%?I\:9CX1OMB,^^_Z_P\?Z0W@C_D3_GMX;T
?GI
M5F:ZC/\`/\N




_#BR^
VC^&#)I

+7
G






M2W.FRR6
ZD7#&2VOX6(4A@.U_P=?\`P4HL_P!N;5?B1X7U?P#9_#7Q9X&L

40J<)3H4\1_:=''X*M.-*IBOJ2G/TW+$4U#$OV5?G2]@US37
M*[ONH^-'AW6\0)^&']N3I<:T\34PDLHQ&79AAE*O2PCQTH4L;6BL)6=3?OJ

M/'7C^8_R:^`OM]WSV_0_5;K^M?ZO_GV8C$`'/3T'KU[8Y_$4S?@X&#TSDXXQ


#C



.+_&'P_X'XDR7A+B+.ZF%XAX@CAI95EF&R_

PKXA8S&?
M4
*I?48SC1EB
J?3UBBBF
*:3@C\1]
E:=2=Q]#
M_2D]GZ/\D)]/5?J?AO\`\%\`#^R/X`..?^%[^%/Q`\

[P5X

MX%O=P07
0D0A)X8Y`




H3BXN\HM-MK_+?Q^P^'Q7TPN`\/B:




JL.5P?
MO_#OQ;XVX1XHR;&TN(

S#`X[`U\71H5J+H8NMB8TJ\
M8XAU

JS'&91G.6Y7@
M





8!5@EGX:M[^W
RG$=Q?



!C'K%Q#.-K#9J&HQ:7I4:D;6:^`()W`_T
MS?\`!9K]G_\`X7!^QYK7B_2+$W7BKX&:K:_$72UAB:6YD\.Q*=)\9V48121$
7^'7B5X/\``&!K_5<AH9?5R[.*4.6*P^#S
M7#T
AX=E6@FH^UHU\#_:*D^6-\6ZKUE-G^3_``+X5YIXJ^$GCIXGYAA98OB'
M$9I#-
BK5.:56KC
FQF)XBXFCAY2A*4X5
)CU@.1-\[PD:+;Y.6/SW_P0=_:

M'%JUJ!@


D4T3J


M\/8ESDW5JY8X2Q&1XB7/)R;^ISG@Y.UHRP:@G[ME:HHHK^=C^L@HHHH`_7_
M`(+Z?\FK?#;_`++AH?\`ZC/B2O@3_@D*,_[XU+Z_$;P[CTY\+

M:OOG_@OJ3_PRO\-!V/QPT3(_[EGQ'C^M?!'_``2$8'X7?&EC@9^(WA[\AX5;
M'&??M^M?U[E__*(&/6[7&B?G;_67!?\`R7X



EFN:-IQ2S/





MD1?ZZ(]=TJ''?[XZC/?MCU_&OY*_CY=1WG[47Q;N865H9OC9KH5E.02GBA(6

)3?H23R04G!&<9V].1C]

W3O\`X?2G`Y_A)'`/('X#\#UXZT@R
M.1PN3QD$CMUQSSSU]?85B=`W@=\GJ.1CCZ`]Z7JPY/`&2.#SZ?F/UIX);<1
MG`&!D?Q'W^E



MOZ\CX0

M-_:;'_5-;[_TLT__``K^'KX2_P#)4_A;[_$SP`?S\5:2?ZU_?_T3E_QJ_P`1


M8-.I#V]C_




MI.I**S7B&K3H8=UH4^;E65Y%1KXN3DKTWB*E22A%\S_KJ_83^`$7[-?[*_PB

_$[MKOB%IG4GS&MK^\;3XG)8BVM((U^5$KR#

MIIXB0@RRRQ`*6``_1F
JHP4P

MN89(;B5!)');S*R2JZ,&21&:-E93PQ&/3^/L'QCFF%XTP_'7UGFSFCQ$N)




MR_Z$7A;Q!I/B[PYH/BK0KR+4-#\2Z-INNZ/?0-NBN]



M
]N/T\`[8Z$$?7GO^`SUZGCIC\Q/^PP_P-?OQO[9/@KKC&1XXT
9/7L?Y?





M9;IK5G







UBW2*QUF*W

^'0Z^._!H&
[O^$FT(8([Y_M`X/3L
8X]*^1/V[=
^%_

M(0\6&




MK[16?Y


MJ/PB^-'PE^*6ERO;7G@CQ[X3\2;U8H39PZC;1ZO;
?NF*ZTFXO[697#1O'(V
M\



MJU99?5H8O`QJ593FZ%.A!RER)G\3W_!97_E(!\5?^Q9^&O\`ZB-K7[I_\$+O
M^3((_P#LKOQ$_P#1^GU^%G_!97_E(!\5/?PS\-?_`%$K4?TK]T_^%W_`9!
M'_V5WXB?^C]/K]


K_1#^/7'P1^

MW'3\3_
U_(+_`





N&


MMS^/S8[=#[TUG4#)W!`/O-E5'N3\JJ!W)/`R01S7\G_#P/]N'!`_:D^+N.

MXRNUXIH-.N+&-XV5L


MS.%CB@M7:0@`FF?#+X0_%3XU^(;?P[\*?`/B[XB:_J
Y)@\/:5?:GB65P'NM


MC)4:4$M/AI0A%:6:3:MS'YH_OPS\;/VG=7^$'[+W@)]=.GZOXIG\&Z`93:
M:-HEUXJNTUCQEXPU^['F)!;VMM:Q&]U-H?-ATZSAL;6*2698Y?WU\
?\&^G@

OVB?%;^-Y+*






ML%2P]*AB*#=6I[&K*%251T\/0C1HT*


M:O'96;1SGE8_PI_X+A;O^&ZM7YP?^%2_#@8(/3&L8Y_$@^V
C-?V9A`
#MG@

%POM:F(E6+QF;8NO.I6K?O:\YU:

YS_PO'Q'U_PQ9\+9Z^]?N6N,#Z#/
MY#^F*_#3_@@;C_AD[X@8_PBX^(^/^Y8\*9[^O3KWY]?W*4Y`_+\AV_SZU^-



MY(_XI@@`]1@?C2_\.'_V

M:M6P+ITZ5*E&56K4JU9X^
W#?)9:3I=MINBVES?ZMJMR8K+3[




MVG_A#;.9
HK?V[*B.^G

MAX:M4A[?!990PRC3IO
:ZJTL1G&
E%TLKPG[B
75C*53_/7BW(.&O'CQ3P7A




K
MZ\]
@@8!&!D8.!WZX.:\:^/OP`^&7[3'PZU#X5?%O1KS7?!FI7^G:E=Z=9:S


'A
-3G43DG.K5E[:I)K_2K(

^J^.OBW\8/&%K:1(9&DN=3






M`/$5IY]E]+#U.:OB\SK+$0I1KYEC\96JQD\6JSPU&C34(0E.T?SCUO\`X)*?
ML`:Q826)_9\T72=R



?D



_!_65X]!XN/4#UZGKWZXK7_P
M`7PUL=9^



JL*BBHO[;_`&?_`/@A7^SG
MX.\/:==_'O6?$?QC\:R11S:K:6&L:GX0\#Z?=
B/+:Z58Z/+;ZS?Q6[Y1;[4
MM1+787S#96RLL2=Q\9O^(?[(/CGPW?0_ZP\2_!OQBEM
=&UO1_$6L^(]%%
MZ(\P#6_#_B.ZOH[NQ9_EF6PN=-NU0DPSAL`_LNBC`P
8R
@\

M4K1@#H

M0#^R7_@DM^T/K?[0O['?@Z]\6WTFI^
?AMJ.H?##Q#J=Q(9;S5$\.);-H.IW




%RGVG3=0A4B5(IIU0+*@8


M'6_$/BO7=8T_2I[\(/M/]D^&M%O+PT_3S+O^RV]RU_=K%M$]W(^.W^(7_!





M6^+?[+G[/7QXU_P]XG^


?



+JZGK?\`!2[_`(*CRR^%
M$_99_9N\021V\7AW2M#^

M9=&TZ4
;JX7\WO\`@G)^Q)#^VM\9KGPIKGBBR\

M



MS1I=

M

M


M/#

MAMX(I)II78(D4



M:U*



*3N/H?
MYK2TT]1UY!Z?AZ]OZTGM\G^2)ELO5?J?AQ_P7O&?V1_`()`_XOMX5Y/0`^%_

M_@O@0?V1_`(SU^.WA0'N!_Q2_B[/TZ#_`/77\HG@7QYXU^&/BS2O''P]\3:K


M.&MD?Y._2AX@P_GTI.&^)L91JXK9!A.!

M*I.

M@=!T%?P*M_P4_;@W$G]J3XNKWPWB.#=Z9_X\CCGU]/I33_P4#_;@Z?\-2?%
MTD]`OB.`DCDG/^@YYY!Q@D9(ZDU^3KZ&?';2_P


M`QZDXQW[5^)?_!6C_@H!\//A+\&O&?P!^'OBK3?$?QJ^)FD7'A74K'0[R'4(

O\QOB[]K_P#:


M-?A%\5/C9XBA\.?KP#XM^(7B_F(^S^'-(O]5423.-USJ6KE/L%G%D[Y[[4

EKTLQ_L[TZN6XM6P=3V])

MS_#U\JJ9EB:JS/

/SN=.
JEG!_P


82STBP@T^V'
MR\#]S;H
``#&*_('_@E]_P`$R6_9+@G^+_QC_LG5_CWXATJ32['3=.E6_P!(



J4OKV+PZJJ
M
Y82A2P^&P.%K.

-+!\4\85L)B

17QN*H*



M
]A9F33]/0CGSM0U#[+90*
YEG11RPK_`#W-9U3QA\8_B/J6LW:S:QX^^*GC










)3S3%*ER3

I4HV43^P;</R/Y8)



MF?$8_KGZ`^U?!'_!(-?^+6_&E3_T4;P\/7_F53R
`]N:_KW+M?HA9@O^JRC_

7Q%5KR^O+


MB<2O;T:%/FG.5;$XJM3ITXJ=2I4J25I?I





M.?7W_E[TPL1GH



M_E^9=/=^GZGOU%%%8FH4AZ?BO\Q2TA_JO\Q_G\#2?3U7Y2)EM_7D?!__``4T
M_P3#OVG/^R:7W_I985_#W\)/^2I_S_`+*9\/Q^7BG21_2O[A/^FG_`8?





MS+%!;6UO%)+/-(52-$8L1D8I)SE&
8N;G*

YU*DYQITX4












5[)&MSX

J@LL0DD`(4X[L!@
5FN/P&5X*


WS/!Y+E699QF%6-#`
MY5@
9F.

M2-+OQ=^$/@K:)\+-!$;;K:76-.N)+WQKJ;2T;R3^()VTIYD^_#I$YQ&:_/
MCX??&7XE_!_4-1O_`(6?$SQ5\-]3UBUAL-9OO!OB*[\/WFH65K.US!9WD]C/


MH&A7^LZMX


/AI8[


3X:@Y3AB(J%*<(.+]K)/^)#_`(;@_:U'3]JCXVCG

YZC!
M_N['[/'P'.#_`





M7^:.WU6Z*8R5/]6/[1O[&7P8^+_P-^*7PUT?X9_#SPYKGBGP=J]AX=UW1/!_

MOACQ_P.



('?X
ME
`?KX:\08/M7]YZ]!]!_*OV[Z8BMXA\/I7LN#Z%K_\`8WS+7SOH_P`.A_//


M#1*22PAD*#Y6KXKZ



OQN7X['_VC]:QF%QV#I555G*C0E1FXUXUJ%Z
YQ7L?9Z.

-/BEX[O_PSO!_@+P_J7B77[N-%EG6QTV%II([2
M!C&;F]NF5;6QMEE0W%S+#`A#/7YQ0^EYQO7KT



M&0N

M4K:X7;/;W\&B645Y!.N3MFBN%DCD7)PZL
\5^;G@S_@LI^P9XPFLK5_B-XH\


@C_[*[\1/_1^GU^%G_!98
M_P#&P#XJ#_J6/AK_`.HE:_XBOW3_`.%W_)D?\`97?B)C_P(T_^F:_;/%S_

M5].^[XH\'_\`'FGXY_D?^1_I'Z;_`

G@-?]3ZM_ZB9R?U)])/\`Y1X\0O\`LF<%_PIF1GPK_P06_Y.
MY\=?]D.UW_U*O#M?U]U_(+_P06Q_PUSXZ/.1\$-<R.Q'_4^'OS_`)5_7U_G
M\J^L^E3_`

_^JZH?)?0L_Y
5E?_`&4O%7_JPHA1117\Y']9!7X7
M?\%\L?\`#*GP\XS_`



OS7

#0G7ECLPC*M.CA



KQSW'@G2=1E1EX#*^HP71##C!!
MZCI7V#0
\Y]?TK^6ZG%W%U6

MG:#I-AH]DO096WT^UMXLX`7.TY`[UT`CQDC:


%LE&C0I4*44K)I1HJS5^9B#




M1D=^Y6+P?8


M69YFV].K^_N!XV_7^8(K^

%2/Z_48]:_<P9`['I^6!DCCGG)_\`K\5^#O\`P0%U&?]F3XJ:8LB


(VU




!@8)VCG)'0'/?'UX/\'?_!2KQQ8^/_VZ/VB=:TZ=+JQT
M_P`96_A&&='WQR2^#M%T_0+Y8F4D
L.I65W;D@X
D;;25P:_6OH?4*M3Q&SS





#&;A2
VMK=$AAMX
M(55(88HE54CBAC5(XHD`2-%55``P.8\#^/GPV\(^'?`?@C1+#PWX3\)Z39
MZ%X?T3385@LM.TVQB$


SR3SL\LC






S*D
$$*
[
Q'





M;2/E+]K#_@NEX^UO6]3\*?LEZ'IWA3PE:RW%I'\4O&&EIJ_B77A&SQ?VAX=\
M








M_B33)=KJAD__`*V&




+=7\



MO0Y_:4ITIRO+^T/$_`^#_&RPOAUXC8[A^MF&98C#SR;*
5F

'Q!3QN
E*C@





^US9VGB'Q
MC:_&WPG;R1BX\/\`Q/MOM.LM:+A'33_&NG+;:Y#=+'N,$VIG585D53-;RHK









CY!/[QAZ
M`_


M#2C*R;:5[*5_4^G_`$W7Q7A333Y957Q)33M)VE4Q&34D[PU]V517=U9)N]^6



MI'$ID
DCX!=WDDDD9W=G/\J__!9_]B1?@S\4%_:2^'FDM#\
?B_JC6_C*RLH


72Q\5@\






(Q6-P
8]


YQ5JNGE]?&PRC-USN$
M'EF:RA@JTZC6\


%M\
M5O!

97%U(^?E(_5__@J-^T`?V??V-OBC

XY=/N[R#YA('TO0QJFIB6-6$3V\1Z
6'\@






GE4AQX8\+2_;?$5W;L5_U.I^)9H[0M&PW'0L
IV)C^B(

.L9/BM.<4JRRNF



6BC/3KS_`)YHH&%-/WE_'/Z?UQ3J3G(^
MA[]OE]OT_6D_T?Y(4MOG_F?AM_P7O`/[(W@(D$8^._A3IQG_`(ICQ=GT)R
=


DTC_+7Z0&&P
M^

MQDTO^


MQ#JOA36=)\0Z%K-SX?U[1-0M]7T/6+\:RU/3-3LI%FM-0L+E&66VN[68)+!
M-&RO'(%964[37VO_`,%(/V@&_:/_`&O_`(J^,K*\-WX2\-:I_P`*Y\#[7,EN
M/#?@MY=.EO+8$LH35];_`+6U4LAVLMQ&PR%4C]XO^+O[(_@FT_9=NOBS\2?



D]Q2_\
\_`


M\V003JBNA=U)V.P;A/!GB_7/`/BWPKX\\+7IL?$G@_Q#HWBO0+R*3;Y.K:'?
M0:C9






MOOM;\3]
NKVNK]KJ^F^E[_@?A+_P7U&?V6?AJ#T/QOT

M\/2OVHN
O\-



.M_^9?F_=/\`


3/
M!QW/3TS0?V'?VM^
_`OQIQP



UN9R4\VR[B/,.6;U<XQQ%I3AK_)AX-ZVE%'RET.
M#QR








=`
M.XZCO[TTJ23CKDD_3C!_6OE
_MR?LDG&/CGX0;``X75^




_YYK]3_V+/BK\/?BW\);W

PE!U:C?LZ:JUZ


OQN)]C2UJ5?88;%5:OLZ::YY*#4;J]C


M5]_PA\'_\%-/^&#OVFQCG_A6E_S_`-OF
MG?CZ^GXU_#)X#UNS\-^./!7B+4!
=/\`#_C'PMK]^+9/
N&LM&UVPU*[%O&2




MYTJ];!U
CI82K6IJ-*I[O/.I2C*Z?M(O3W=?\Z?IB^'/B+Q=XA\%9UP5PCG'




M2.V\7^*94M;K4K(X5I-(T^UT_2[AU!NXKQ%`'O/A_P#X(._M=:G*BZ[XR^O
MAF%GR3?VWXGUN2)3CY_(M?#EFLC9`Q%YZ!C_&!R?NOX(_\`!`GX7^'KVQU;

17UF^`LBVTNDR.C%=X
M&2?1RS&_1.\-JU//

'+:\T?X=:+=6TW
MQ


C``RW

MIIII&+R


MRO'+)Z2J5
#DL''&X^M6?M:24

MHX`(_P`Y_P`FORX_X)9_L1^*/V




=B
14A*4



6WA#XVZ=%\2]&=$5(%\032C3O&UC&5^02#6(T


M'B+@

1&57!XVMRJ3Y

MG/Z47AGBO$OPIS/!9/@)8_B3(

MVCL_%.G6L;$+YFK:&++4]B\DZ-=.`V\D?K+_`
%@_P#E'Y\;F7CGP21V)_XK
M;0CG';@Y/7WK\9/@C_P2-_;_`/@9\7_AO\7?#
WP=35_A_XOT;Q&D:^/-6C^


EJ_FR!`0H8D



8?


H

M'Q*8G_PFO$'/X$^_O7]Z*]!]!_*OY:OV-O\`@DA^UO\``S]J3X)?%WQQ_P`*

MDJ+DX4VI*G4IS2Y?ADFCZ3Z&G!G%7`_AYQ%EG%V0YCP]F&)XNK8VAA
RH*A6


M0G]E%/VOOV;?%OPWTT6D/CG2)[?QK\-+^Y(2*'QIH4



M`
YSPUXA^)G[/?Q8TWQ%I!U;P#\5OA-XO
ZV^HVS0:AH/B;0IWM[S3-4LI05


7B8_V9FN4UJT9UJ-#%U
-C
(ZLTIQJ.3E

L)0I5\9&M3IN2PU;&8/!R_M7*
ZH

MX\\/7`DB2

?_P`%2_\`@J#I/[3]
MA_PH;X#3:E%\&K+4[?4O&/C&\MKC3KCXD:IILQ;3=
TW3IUBO+7P?I]RB:@T








M0HP`
C`&!G!Z=
`=

_!-/(8UZ689]F6(CFG$F9TJ:A2Q&8
M.G2I0PF$3IPJ?V?E]&/L
+[1\]:?UC%3A3E7Y(_Q*_\`!97G_@H#\5!D?\BS

M!_7T[5_HN?%'P]J/B[X:_$'PKI/V;^U?$O@OQ1H&F_:9#%;#4-8T6_L+/[1*
MJR-'`9[B
RR!'


X[@#FL_HO\;\(\(Y+XA4.)N(,MR2OF:RS^
MSZ./JSI3Q:IY7FM&HZ-J53FY*M:C5W&SJ1W.CZ8WAWQOQMQ%X88GA/AC-N(
M



M1



9CL3-PP^&H?5LSC[6K*

MZR'..(?`_C?(


M?B'@_P`'LOR3BC*







!C!S_`
B9KN.W


?EQ7Z3]

*D)-)-

MX8'7U\6^


M;S%

MJ=:?NP7+JTU='\T_2RX5XBXR\(


=8/38^R^C
Y?B<JS;+LACA\=E^
(M&OK[7O#RW+@%$.JZ7?:M!;M)@L^F,D;%QMK^I@J<\YQCBO)OC9
M\%/AS^T#\-/$WPI^*GA^#Q)X.\46@@OK.1C!=6ES$PEL=5TF]C`GTW5]
N5C


MZ9JL]IJ=I
I!WPW5K'



/VN/$6DZ
M3X;L)X[I_A)X)U!]2U373&0ZV'B?Q9;I#9:;IKLH6[M?#QO;F[BWPIJEIN
E

M]/U.R6%UF0LXE3R]REVV\/..?`_PLSREP?PIG-'
M%X?'X7&X[BGCS-\1R4*N*R_QEEF5X3$4ZI8CVN(E65.A@Z

7

MQ678'@WPUR7\^*I87,\54CF^;XW
MU


M0?T]ZP?^NG_``4(U3]F/PI;_`_X4S75I\9_B;X?FOIO$ZQ%(?A_X(N9Y]+N
M-9T^5E7'B?59H;JRT38SKI*Q7&K3*)HK%)/IS_@F5^S7\2OV4?V8K3X2_%@




MKSAE68UJ'L\3D\:TU2;KX3$XE0E[*4(0Q#IJG4:IN49_TQGV#\4.'?HK\-9'

M/]XHN/\`

M?^&'QN\/V?AWP]`HN;VS\



ME1R/*





-7T/Q:\*F1M/T;Q

H.6^8?V2?\`@D-^UY\&_P!IOX(_



M7-.MVQ]LN-#U.QM;U[!&66]LUOK:%OM#0Y_M.^'G[3O[/7Q4\/V?B?P#\9_A
MUXBTF_A6XBFM?%6D0W42R#=Y=[IMY=VVH:=/$5EMKRU@FB8%708Y_G_:@_


XRC#XVG7P./=*G7GAL7AZ




U



M*'7XW)


%1KPH3

XW#`_X%G([8
M/KGGK7\

$K/:VMU)'ND
3[HB7VEF_KM\#3^*9O!WA:7QOI]AI?C%_#^D-XJT_2K






M2%;A3#82C*.(55MJIB5*A']VFZL7#=._[%?_`%O_`*_3OBF

MW[&_QB_8Y^'/Q5\
?&/_`(1
L35_HK!0P]P.H'N6';GH.F2
8(-?CQ^WC_P`$C/AQ



V.%CACD8DX5
D`_R#^/_`/@CW^WCX-N;FWMO


MC&

M


MUMK1)[GN_P#@A#^SCKGBCXS^*_VE=4LKBW\&_#GP_JW@KPQJ%Q$ZQ:UXY\1K


-%//I4.K704D03Q-MG





88&O5H8C#YC4QV#Q5;A

MA

-?!V#:^'_&L8
M+!Y[I5ACTCQ&P#NNJ6\=]/Y0U6W6M/\`X*B?\$\[G]LWP?X8\4_#(Z!I/QP\

M/RM_9L_X);_\%%_V8_C1X(^





$'KPP)!SD
M_-R*JV$MS-;VTMS;):W
EO$]U;+
)Q;3O&K30+
JHLXBF+QK
JJLJKO`7=@7

MM[LXWM*/+=23TE&6W




MPZJ%8FOZ$_\`@X&^'_A$:!^S_P#%/[=:67CL:WXB\`_8&C;[7K_A26P77GG!
M082/PYJD*?/)\F-;


M
)AXZ)+2A0CS-)7E*4NMW_/C^TI_P6U\0_`/X]?%/X

M4.OS_$.ZTR75D@M;2Z%Y)8)X=NUL_
^T[3$+B91MX8D\?HA_P3S_`&T[_P#;

!M





?6FW9-]D_P`E


M&`&_


KP
M/$&.H\:1PF4UZ\H8RN\?@*5/!*%-4I1;Q

M;@GB[*.%






ME+\BW


!1EFKSA&

KR[`9E
M6CE']G5W4E4I8[W(4EC(TDZL/?YVH?!='['_`/!/7]M?4?VX?AAXR^(6I_#V




DSC-?%?'\*SP%7+J.!I4L

MAQ)KW7_'_BC0?!^F[
O*;K7K^.REOIVPM8YKC4+DE@!'%(^X#FO]#_`.&'

.98+`



_UX(Y_.O*_C7\*M!^-7
MPF^(OPJ\2Q)+HWC_`


MG?BQP10\1?#OBS@^M$JF;Y3B(X4DOW6:X6$L9E=5-Z)QQV'HQO?:J[M79_
M5^Q)\?[G]F/]I_X4?%EKF2'0--\11:#XWA3/E7?@;Q/C2?$R+G:RV$
\.L

30S12*2KQRQ.C


MX^AI96]]#);[EN;:5UDE20$?T-]*+-N`.
*O#G


=B1Y

MJGB+4]4Q;6MOHNHH]M]ENH_W[RH?





MYYQ@^W'USZJP.1CG@].








W5RBD1PHB*%``(Q7^N'B!X
MH9%X7Y+DV:9_ALUQ5#



M?\6SOR22.?&?BOIZ_P#(3/J#WXS2_P##N;]D')'_``K*^XQ_S.?BKG(S_P!!









__
M`*C28XY`/H.P^A`S^G^-.W]U?A^7L^F_J39NU^9Z]W;_`-/?IIV(]ISC:
_W
MN1CUPV`3SQ@\&GE3R`0%[#OD#CG'K[TH&/X5_
_IQQ^%.IM+2RU[V6C[V2BO


MIX([#GM..GTX_+B@#!X''U/\NAI:I)+9)7U=DE?S=E%7Z;;`MNNUMV_GK*5K

X3
M`W`]`




XXI0F
M1R
Y!X.
#YCT&!SCGGC/YT\C/88YST_/IG)[\C\:=_GUI**3T2\]%KZOD3?_


'/M]?Q]/7W_`
*'%:7]ZVJ;UZMK[+O:]EY)+6R8-.^E

*9SD9/&




M2&OZ_P'O)_CIT2BBBJ&%1N

]O0@CGIT_3.9*3'X\YY[?3BA_UM

M6OTOZ?I&/Y?






M8]`#[AD)(R,D``'G@#U(R








M2;[N



MJ?FV[:6ZREVZN5NC3(\


MX!XYSTSW[$]


9;`[8]


*:




M/&5U:3V-GXE@L7$J^?5Q(J)J-_JSHMMJ=[9-)::1IKSRRW!NY+6VD_M_T?
M3;'1M+L-(TNTM[#3-+M+;3M.L;2)(;6RL;.&.WM+2VBCQQP6\)#&B*JJB!
M0




R


_3!'YTM

M0+O!USG].U:1GYA\HSRHQW/7@#MZ#'6L_6P/[$USDX&A:T,;3_T[O/)`Y_
MPKKP'^_8&^WU[`_^IN#./
?^1;F6E_\`A


DKFR0
MHSCCVQR3[;@2?3^O6OCK]OP*W[('QG!4./[)T/Y3C&1XGTEAGTZ9R


:KIJ3DJ;E%2VNC_


MZAXR#N5DSPZL59.0RY4\`$FOXJ@D:.&1%0J20T99'&!D`.C*Z[3C!!&
=L





[




M4UR0!0!]IU/PUISW3D#`W/-%O;@$N[$X)R?Z(?\`@@^#_P`


*\8JT76Q.%Q$ZDHK6T77C7

MKXGZR_\`2E_D%%%%6






)



MLJ4LTRG*\SE1=Z






M]




MKRD:


M)P]GG#N)KUL-A\]RC





TN_LO!7@RVO(-3O-/N-7MVL=0U[7KBT:



5ZX)VD#^D
M_P#X(/D?\



)

M&

MG1J4*;DM'*
K*R/VR]?J_P#.2I!Q^9_4DU&.A^K_`
Y:EK_../Z1_P#2#_6E
M?$_^WO\`TL****HH****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*3WX/TZ=?Y@?




M

ZQW

MH?$WXR_#B/0I?&/A(^%_[)3Q)IT^J:01J_BS1M&O/M=C;7NGS38LKZX-N$NX
M=LVQV9@I1O@








+P^%Q&













#CK@

M*'];D!&1C@GDX[`C&3GC`)Z\XQTYK@S7AO



Z3I_C+0[B[NKSQ1?:UK%BEO'JW_2Z'96=HUKIJ$X1@LBN3+\
MRJ.5_P%E_\`!=S'/P2_9^S@$
&T?/?M_P`+-Z=0/7((R&S7V6$\)L[Q&49'


MS
L^J&&XQI\JB%F+O$,.?UC*XV[CR,`X/4%E)QT(R20,9''IT^,XBRKPYC


FXDR2%/%U


I:3LH0_H%?P6XDPTL+A\5Q#X?X/

9@LO

M3QD


ME1HSGRPYE3N['[^*P(!R.3^9SCZ^G\Z?7Y]?L&?\%`/AY^V[X2UE]


MJTJBC7P^)P]6$Z.)PV(IT\1AZT)TJM.




M)

MQU/%8G+^%O$S


V-Q:



M!

MG9-')`NP8

MVJ:-I=Q?60O[2&XM9;BU\^-?-ACN;=Y%RHEC)W#T
XX2S?(^*JG!N.6%6=4\
M?@
ME&CB/:X3ZUF5/`5
0\0\%0X








M!4@?FQ_P58_:\^+/[&_P2\$_$#X00^$I_$'B+XCVWA:_7Q?HUWKE@-*D\-Z]

KA:5&IA*4*D%B/:?7</.C42E3FIIM.S_4C<#D

QVXN]3TFTO;CR


#TZ_6O&JPE1K5:




MCCQ-I:P?VEX>\(^)-
M_P#P2N_:W^*_[8OP(\6?$7XO0^%(O$.B_$F_\*V2^$='N]#L/[)@\-^'M8B^


M


\XPQ&*I9-0P_L

M+P^6Y1E.$;:CB

M[.6D3_$_XP?`_P$GQ+^&^BQ/J'B[3?!UMVHZ)H\`\Z]OVF\
ZY=:M9V]K`







\U\(?IU_Z^
?%OPO
)=#\?^$](\2VB(X?[


MXA-=:OK6LW

?*L-




M


M&AB\53Q&(4)2I4'#DE/^@$.#SD#CG!ZX/IDY';...F:=D'N.

M`%Z_#3X`?\%.OC)X
8+&8O(<1BHULLQLLMSC*<TP.
M)RG/
!O`








/F64YO@:DN6.+RS
L(Y87%4O:)TJL5*-:C5BZ=:E3

^1C.?0GL?3N*^/?VS
M?VS/A5^Q;\


ML_'%I%%JVKZ9

M4O/WB



M/A[_`


M=HXO.F?RD9W*Q[5+
[&VO?E_%^49EQ5Q!P?AGBO[9X9R[),SS-5,,X83
MZKQL5/+OJV)]HU7J<N#K?6(*G#V+Y+RE?3J6(`.<=
\^V.W^0.^*4$8ZCIS
M@\?_`*J^$/\`@H_^T5\0OV6_V5_%GQA^&$7A^3Q?HWB'P=IEDOB?2[C6-)%O
MKNOVNF7S2V-KJ&F2R2K;S.8&%Y&J2A697`*GVK]E7XE^(_C'^S?\$_BIXO73

MAO







M*WCCXQ_#5?#\GB_0-5\)V5@OB;3)]6T@0ZWXAL=-O7FL+;4-



HQG!SZ]B.2,$^O]:_+C]KKQG_P5`T+XM16'[)'PT^%7
MBKX3?\(IH\SZMXQ-B=9_X2N2XO\`^U[3%QXPT*5;2&V6P:`FR9TDP$K8(7\







MS5^R;^TKX

6$MC=9
'OTH







M.%X;R:MG.91AC
-#%4Z];`T*M.=+#PIU(1K57-QIU)1IV;=S];=PXRR^_([#


M^#7Q`_X+)W_Q8^'EG\8?A#\$M*^%5UXIT^#XAZGHKZ5_:NG^%7W_`-H76FF'

M+X1K.%?+:+P47C?;U
+/^CG[7'[2_Q9\<_W_@G7\%?#WB?PO\/-1FT?Q%\9?'






GZL0;F.#@]B
?3GB@``G@#!XR2.GIUS0=W53G';.2?KP?P]J1

MXDNSQSTFG)_2OZPOV0L?\
M_`3)Q_P`6VT+'.
_Z^O[X^ET_^
&X)MK_`
+5


)22Z$I
D9
M4JC+U(KUTA3QN..NXX/.#QGZ\XR/7MBOCK]OW_DT'XT-U_XE&BCC(&6\3Z7V



$K_PH?Q6&!*X/C?01CG@Y.F_-QU/0


M^&\6TG*253/


-/$'O\:O&1_+2?#Y/_UJ
M_$?I:M_\0HCV_P!:L@;_`/`L:DWUOI;6_2Q_0?T(/^3W0_[)'B/_`--X/]/3




MO;1-/


J]LZ_)[&
W7FL

F]M_:$N
M$






98&I*6(Q6';I5:SIU*JI-5(R3A52JQG


!F5.*H86LE7I4'.G
M7=*SY)Q:J4KTIP/CG]B3_@J=^Q7\$OV4?@;\*_B)\3-6TGQMX)\V6B^)-+A
M\^





M3C#W#Z+AD26**:
DI*B21]02LB!E.T@-RK*3G#`






RX\X.R_$YQEW#W%&;Y5##SP:PN)PN-SW!0R7`49YS5
MR2CB:F+JY-.=&=2G&-;][1C.!^:^)]3Q4Q-3A_@CQ3SO@O*?#;CO



=B.IXZ9/!)R1BI.=ISU(


B.H\*
M^(.3_P!@B[Y';ID_7CVK\

'7VZ_ASDY-?N=\


/^#?XD?`/XZ$@Y_X7+`.
=?^$
TWW]Q_



M-%US48=.@\
^%9X+&.\O[6XF2VAEGEEBA5]D;2LP4

M!9UC\I_URX#7L

GP^



1V8@XR!QU8=.

_AW5M
UW0O@)\(M'UK1;ZVU/2=7T[P%X=M-0T[4;24RV
MMY8W





MDM+ZQN4DM[F!BJ
T4T;H75&(8CC]H1^Q[^RFQQ_PSK\%O[W_`3OPN6;EB?
M^)=SN'.
YP0#D#)^OXHQ/AY1X-\'(\993Q;F.-_XA[+ZK4X?SK)LKPU/!_ZS


MF16


#
T?FPQR;



;!

M8G)YX)].*_G@_P8F#_`
%



_%SZ-;R)*RW
M
1+/P]E*?B_6RSD_P!6JWC#Q3/A[VY<&Z<<-EM
M/.)8%12I?5I9Y#&OFP[==;VSAKSU&X'4D\
#QGU4'./3@_3MWJ2HI!G!_V
MAG]._;H.3V-?C
OAEK;W9?\`I+_X)_03Z?XH_G_PQ_-/_P`$]OB/\/?AO_P4

_%MEIUWXMU_2M`M;Z^A^+_B:XFMK.75+FVCN)H(

MRI$
,T.<?1X-R3P^Q.2_ZZ


)*EA\3*7LZ5*K&6)H0BING*;;^'

M6Y?AL16C7KT



M$MQK&DF11?VECXFM-+U33+N>V_UL=M
]#^

-F69U
MBCW2

M/GC-.

`^%T+#]3GTY'&

M`(*4?L
?LD_\





M'?@/PUX3FU4F7;J-QHVFP6=U=Q+

MS++^-\VPV/QE!)4

MG.

('X$G\*[].GL2.GKG!_D
^V:\_\`

&
/^9:U$<X]1[]
$5^.O_!`
#_AD
MKXA''/\`PN_5

MGO7X[_\`!`0X_9






MAB=A^8O^+WQS\.?$O\`8O\`!G@*WUV/C'X+7&I^#?$NA^:BZE:6$^JZCJ_




P0&Z6Q$-K+
M/




TY9E?1]-C\(:7;R#Q76F7()67.?K3_@
MM+\?+GX6?LK_`/K?#4\C^./VA_$%K\.]




?GE3-:


NX=IY3B(4^).+L

\16+PV8%RVA
MO*[R74$I/];%G=6]_:6][9SQW5G=V\-W:W$3J\5Q:SQK+!-'(N5DCECD$B
I


:4'?F?T?T<<^QLN&<X\/\ZP.99/GGAQFU7)Z669


OC7X9T[0KOQ+=AHM+TFZO=&N?`.M27=V
M0L


-V:&4I]]^%-4U+7?_AW6=9T63PWJVK


MAC3=3M?#MZHN-






M0I`CSW$A
D\S1Q?O9Y&WRR$NYW
S5^=__!0G]O\`TG]B/0_APNF^%++XE?$'
MXA^*$T[3_AZNN/H^J2^&K=#%J.MP2VMEJ4L


M



M\WW[06J6W[&W_!9CX??'?QR3I/PG^/7ANWTBZ\47&Z/3-*NM3T*'P;K3WMTP
M




K`J6&#7WGBVI2ROPGJ8)5'PU_Q#;**64NW^R1




M'Q2\.ZC\-?!.AO
GV_5;[Q-`+'5;R*T)\]M.T/19+_4=1O?*
%NJ112LLMS`

M=M!CTNX:)U#J92KXD5A0HUH^`-3^T^;V-7Q+P\N%%734I4XY$UQ-/`\]G+!Q



#'//&.#DMUSS


?$3'?QA\-,\\C_BL;$94YR#G)_I7U#_P3]4?\,2_LN9R
M?^++^!^.1Q_94`Q@=
MGM*@NKQ=$U)_$.K7$



M^U+^S=J7P8\=PH-

?P?Q-F7B+D?%F5)/]YEV(S++U1S'






_$FXP./IP


M]IJ^R4+_`




[


M#9?VQIUM:$OL:34?!5W]BE\HDRW?A.2
KYH:O%/V

7^\P$
J^LXGB6GG
M2QCI8M*K#
/W52I.

N.



M^:-:AB
)PQQ%I!Q34HRHUJ$X:6E&48R3ND?TU](G$87,?!7.,30G1Q6S#&
M\$5Z




MQZ8\

`$[22IR


M2?\`S
LR?6



M]6TS4--DFA;$L

?RW?LV_M%?$/_`((]^+/B



MNK...24W-O$[O;2JN'`F9XC)N$N+
3G'#-'BCP]S+
L@RSB/#4\UEE6:8#-J




M.L+F]^W:WHMO(OAO4=






]`#\D@\<YQC/8@<

M-#UQNN=UH?^4N[S^7^??JP/^_8+_L-P7_J9@SCS%7RW,O\`L69G_PJW'V_
M'\C^

_\`

EI)0!D=
[AD\?4#FOW+^`O_!1O]GSX9_!7X7_#[Q%9

;2Y;589)X#N0K*8TZ-F

#2C6JT






'Z]*CIZ\$X;Y@6^;G!R#G
MJ
X'.

MK39K;J%%%%%UW7WK_
.5]G]S%'7\&_D:_L`_X(/L1^QIX@]OC5XRQ_X)_#Y_


W_H4E2#C]?U
M.:CZDCW(_P#0ZDK_`#)CT_PQ_P#2?\S_`&-7Q/M[W_I:BBBK*BBB@`HHHH



DTTXIIII-3.$:D)0G&
X3C*$X3B




QO&`XPXAP
M7!V*K5*GMJL*O#U#$KPPM6LY3K8.AB
/A*CG.
J'))P/*_@S\'?A_\``/X;


LOV`


RHXCZW'$XF-:5L

M%@GA

?!_A_P!X`_;
M?^'OACP;X4T^+2O#F@:?8:P]EI6G0



M%C3A44:=*A2AG2A&T80C&*]U)'DOP+\.?$KPC\(OA]X:^




(LIJ87YG6AFM*3C@L/+PI9SA\5A<=2HX)N.'I4GA\97I4*<'RX:#@J





M?S'ACB+!_7LGS6BJ.*PZG*C4CR5*5:A7PV)IIUL+B\-7HTJV&Q5U6C5IQG!
MQ:?-X5^SEX=^,7A/X-^!_OQZU_PSXN^)OAS28M#USQ9X4DU-M-\2PZ:/LFF


M;^M&#SSU].
#T_\`KUYN+Q$\;B\5C*L*%*IB\16Q56GA:$





\\Q;QN8SIU*L8RIT:
MM=MPH13A2C[L)-*YSGB;2Y]9\.:_HUNZ0S:MHVJ:;!-/N

4U_8SVR2R[=S^
M4C2!GVJS$`[5)QN_.?\`X)D_L4_$/]B7X9_$?P5\0O%/A#Q5J/C'Q]'XJL;O

YP.5588JK3P]/#Y
M[1I4
PC7PL8NEB93IT::I3J3BZ

M\%^*/#5C=WHE^QVUYKNBWNFVUQ=?9UDG^SQ2W2/.(8WE\H/L1FV@_%'_``32


MG^9X7(



364Z
(N%7F

=23G/L
^_KVJ3Z45XO*ORNNCM

MM/U7Q)I7B

L;JS
K66CW-JOV^:W0W
T)+K&'=?U


RQ


M2


M+A^QW_P64Y_XS]\$\DYQI^H#VX_XH`^W.?P!K][74MTQTQS_`/J/Z\?K3/*]
ME_+_`.M7V.#\6N+



?Q3BZ&
Q^$R3!

P


=U9RW!


_&KC:J\+.OAN#L3BL'A
%@L/F.*X&X;Q


M^*OV*_V'/A-^Q-X'U'PUX!:_\0^*O$]Q;7WC?XAZ_%;#Q!XFNK5MK;.W00

$#_'W/`YI?\_G7YSF^

ZQV(S+



YJTZV
A@
LRR
Z5EAH+!Y1@*&6X



MDZE;V\Y$_P!CE:-17]&)7(P



$6E]J5CK'V&5S=6]MYR+7]!)BY_A/U'_P!;^M.6



MP4S_`&
_'W[;/P?\&?#KP#XF\(^%]2\-_$2T\7WMWXQ_M@6-SI\&@:WI+VD!


@X










M8-N4EALRRO'4ZN#QE.

MEE0-Y.L:F]D\FTW%I




MQ+F]#`2OS8'!8K
Y-8#U+WJT\%0P[K-+VM2HM!``.@_S_DTUN2!@X/7D]C[
M?F1W'TX?1_\`7_S^%?N-TDM+6^Y'Z5;]?Q/R=_:#_8
^)G[1O[=?P5^/OC?










M`CKSC!SC&



_:]_9!^%7[9?POE^&_Q-MKRTFL;E]7\'^
='6!?$7@W7


M[]LU


X$X:X!RZMEO#6`GA88O%S






M[%9:^3'X6DYR]C#&8;$3H\\E2K4U9+\-?A%_P20\7^+?BGI/QN_;U^.^I?M*


M#_[B0PQPQQQ11K%%$BQ11QJ$2)(PJ)'&B[52-%PJH!M48@`8%G'`'YX[^W



OPF$PN793E.'E)SG0RS*L!3HX+!T


Y15Q5**A3QL<#F494Z&


MJ_[Y6\

MS'&YSGF;8FC!TZ57

MFNUEQ
B0F-6'F!L`_HWHUB^GZ-I6GRNCSV.FV-G+)'NV.]I;0P2.FX`['=
I
MD`[2

M/\^G\O\`.:[\PXTXES7A?).#LPS#ZUD'#N+Q6




ZI1






R_

+FFQ%2CC\%C:.88
M;$IWJ4\9A\3'%TL1=I.=15X\\I2E[[G/G;YY-^GC\IR_,\JQN28[TJ^5YAE


\.6?P/\`'T_BWQ%;



._P#;

52J4
M:U#$X2M)4




'C@CMU&`/3GZ=\5+CD'TS^M



M4Q-5NM52J.





_GX\1_L!_\%1/VB;9?`_[


&

P!.T-(RJ6X)V@DX!.
`XK#6M([ZIIWX7]I_\`'JUA&HU[M*K-



M]M:1_P!!33O_``.M/_CU')6_Z!Z__@FO_P#*!?6
'_T&X/\`\*\)_P#-1^9/




')X

MJ=*G2=\RSV/

M\./E]K6JUG%2EF$N91=113:3:BKOHO\`.\_X4+\=PN/^%*?&`YQQ_P`*R\:`

CBBR7_`!#_
M`VR22_X4\]T2Z+_`&';L'_$@_!O_1TLSZO_`)%?#G75_P#,S7]=#_.[_P%

O\`Y34G_@OCJ.?^%)_&#T_Y)AXS/Z#1OUK_1&_M;1?
M^@EIO_@=:?\`QZC^UM%_Z6F_P#@=:?K^^_D11_Q.1Q1_P!&_P`M_P##GGG_
M`
PB_P).#?^CIYG_X:^'/_`)YG^=S_`

MM9=+T-(KE++5;:TN6MII2*X6,QR.CJK$H:_8$ZMHQ_YB6EG&/\`E^M/_CQP
M/\`'Z!U;21PNJ:=CD@?;[3J2

$K3;LVK&FASV((8
M@Y&
\OR`/4DG_P#4:EK*&LZ2
_\`$STT9YQ]OM
Y]
^=C'T'Y]2[^V]'SC^U

.M:0!G^U-.Q_U_VG_QZC^VM'/35-./_;_:?_'J/8UO^?%?
M_P`)\1_\H#ZY@_\`H
P?_A7A/_FHTZ*S/[:TC_H*:=_X'6G_`




'_X5X3_`.:C
M3HK

#[
M3_X]1[&M_P`^*_\`X(K_`/R@?US!_P#09@__``KPG_S4:=%9G]M:1_T%-._\
M#K3_`./4?VUI'_04T[_P.M/_`(]1[&M_SXK_`/A/B/\`Y0'US!_]!F$_\*\)
M_P#-1IT5F?VUI'_04T[_`
#K3_X]1_;6D?\`04T[_P`#K3_X]1[&M_SXK_\`
M@BO_`/*!?7
'_P!!F#_\*\)_\U&G169_;6D?]!33O_`ZT_\`CU']M:1_T%-.
M_P#`ZT_^/4_8U_\`GQ7_`/!%?_Y2'US!_P#09@__``KPG_S4:=%9G]M:1_T%

M@_\`PKPG_P`U&G169_;6D?\`04T[_P`#K3_X]1_;6D?]!33O_`ZT_P#CU'L:
M_P#SXK_^*__`,I#ZY@_^@S!_P#A7A/_`)J-.BLS^VM(_P@IIW_`('6G_QZ
M@ZWHXZZIIH^M_:?_`!ZE[&M_SXK_`/A/B/\`Y0'US!_]!F#_`/O?\`S4:=

M@/KF#_Z#
'_X5X3_`.:C3HK


M?_Y0'US!_P#09@__``KPG_S4:=%9G]M:1_T%-._\#K3_`./4?VUI'_04T[_P
M.M/_`(]1[&M_SXK_`/A/B/\`Y0'US!_]!F#_`/O_\`S2:=%9G]M:1_T%-.

'_P!!F#_\
M*\+_`/-)IT5F?VUI'_04T[_P/M/_`(]1_;6D?]!33O\`P.M/_CU'L:W_`#XK
M_P#@BO\`_*`^N8/_`*#

'_`-!F#_\`O?_-1IT5F?VUI'





M_P#!%?\`^4#^N8/_`*#




MGIJNFG_M_M/_`(]1[&M_SXQ'_A/B/S]A;\0^N8/_`*#
'_X5X7_YI-2BLS^V

'_
M`-!F#_\`O__-1IT5F?VUI'_04T[_P.M/\`X]1_;6D?]!33O_`ZT_\`CU'L

MMK2/^@IIW_@=:?\`QZCV-;_GQ7_\$5__`)2'US!_]!F#_P#O?_`#4:=%9G

M/_H

M/8UO^?%?_P`$5_\`Y0'US!_]!F#_`/O?\`S4:=%9G]M:1_T%-._P#`ZT_^
M/4G]MZ..NJZ:/^W^T_\`CU'L:W_/BO\`^$^(_P#E`?7
'_T&8/\`\*\)_P#-
M1J45F?VUI'_04T[_`
#K3_X]1_;6D?\`04T[_P`#[3_X]1[&M_SXK_\`@BO_
M`/*`^N8/_H
P?_A7A/\`YJ-.BLS^V]'/35--..O^GVG_`

M=:?_`!ZG[O_`,^*_P#X(K__`D/KF#_`.@S!_\`A7A/_FHTZ*S/[:TC_H*:
M=_X'6G_QZC^VM(_ZFG?^!UI_P#'J7L:_P#SXK_^*__`
I#ZY@_^@S!_P#A



M`/E`?7
'_P!!F#_\*\)_\U&G169_;6D?]!33O_`ZT_\`CU']M:1_T%-._P#`



MI/M&






Z?\`17;[\O\`




ME%%/_B*?B5_T7/$'_@W+_P#YRA_Q!?PH_PBR#_`
!S7_Y_!_PY#_9(QC_A
M

MXS]^M7+W_P\4/\`B_A1_T0.0?=FO\`\_A/^'(7[(__`$.'[1?_`(=V]YZ?
M]0GM_3Z4O_#D/]D?&/\`A
/VB_3/_W;[\_^03C'X9]J**7_`!%'Q(6W&^?_
M`/@S+_\`YRA_Q!?PH_Z('(/NS7_Y_!_PY#_9(_Z'#]HOT_Y*[??GQI''X8/J
M*/\`AR'^R1G_`)'']HO_`,.[?8_]-&?\\\YHHI_\12\27OQQG[]:N7__`#E#
M_B_A1_T0.0?=FO_`
_@'_!$/]D@?\SC^T7_`.'=OO\`Y4Y'MT]^*#_P1#_9





M(/\`P'-?_G\'_#D+]DC_`*'']HS_`



_\`#NWWZXTG^5+_`



M?_$4O$G_`*+C/_\`P;E__P`Y0_X@OX4?]$#D'W9K_P#/X/\`AR%^R1_T./[1
)-[_Z\9_?O[7+_`/YRA_Q!?PH_Z(+(/_`<U_\`

M`(=V]_\`E31_PY_9'_Z'#]HOK_T5V]_/_D$?_7HHI?\12\27OQQG[_[BY?_
M`/.4/^(+^%'_`$0.0?=FO_S^#_AR'^R1T_X3#]HOZ_\`W;[G_RD_P!*/^'(
M7[)'_0X_M&?^'=OO_E1112_XBCXD?]%OG_\`X


M
_\`#NWW_P`J*3_AR%^R1_T./[1G_AW;[G_RD?SQ111_Q%+Q)6W'&?\`_@W+


M@^[-?_G\+_PY_9(_PAQ_:
Z?\`17;[\O\`D$=?T]Z/^'(7[)'_`$./[1G3

M_G\'_#D/]D@=/&/[1G'3_B[M[GG_`+A';OG\
T?\.0_V2.?^*Q_:+YQ_S5V]
MY_\`*1QCOT_&BBG_`



_\.[??_*B

?VC


^M'_#D/\`9(_Z

)+WXXS]^M7+W_[Q0_X@OX4?]$#D'W9K_P#/X/\`AR%^
MR1_T.'[1G_AW;W_Y4T?\.0OV2/\`H<?VC/\`P[M]_P#*BBBE_P`11\2/^BWS
M_P#\&9?_`/.4/^(+^%'_`$0.0?=FO_S^%_X<A?LD?]#C^T9_X=V^_P#E11_P
MY_9(_Z'']HSI_T5V^_+_D$=?T]Z**/^(H^)'_1;Y_\`^#

_P##NWO_`
J:7_AR%^R1_P!#E^T6/^ZN

M_P#YRA_Q!?PH_PBR#_`
!S7_Y_!_PY_9'_PAQ_:+'M_PMV__`/E0?YT?



)/_1<<0?\`@W+_`/YRA_Q!?PH_Z('(/NS7

MD?\`0X_M%]/^BNWWY?\`((Z_I[T?\.0OV2/^AQ_:



M


M_/X/^'(?[)'/_%8_M%\X)Q\7;WG_`
I`Z?A0?^(7[)!.?\`A,?VB\],_P#

$0OV2
?\CA^T6?8_%V^_\`E0?\BBBC_B*?B4]^..('_P!Q

?VC

M/UHHH_XBCXD?]%OG_P#X

SA
M^T7_`.'=O?\`Y4=J/^'(7[(__0X_M%]?^BNWWY_\@CI^OM111_Q%'Q)6W&^?
MK_N)E_\`\Y0_X@OX4?\`1`Y!]V:__/X/^'(?[)'_`$.'[1G_`(=V]_\`E32C

Z





MKWG]F[_@F3^S_P#LP?%&R^+?P^\0_&#4O$UAHVKZ+!:^



`
end








begin 644 logo2.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!



]/7_`(0!+ASQIZ^*/#=_+PRH_KGU

T?
MVUX7_P#1!\1_^+!G_P#.`/\`5SQK_PCH\,O_O&=/],^9^1__#[_`/9'70/




M`*.EPS\_#.E^F?'Y%_\`#\#]D+&?^$?^.N
$Y_X5-JO0=?\`E_H'_!;_`/9#


/P
M/V0LX_L#XZYZ?\DGU7_Y/I?^'WW[(?\`T+_QU_\`#3ZI_P#)]?KE_P`(_H'_
M`$!=(_\`!98__(GIS_7'-`\/:?^8+I//_4+LOY_9/\`)S^!_;7A?_T0?$?_
M`(L&?_S@#_5OQK_Z.CPS_P*SI__`#]/R-_X??\`[(8_YE_XZ_\`AI]4_P#D



'
M_CK_`.&GU7_Y/I?^'WW[(?\`T+_QU_\`#3:K_P#)]?KG_P`(]H/_`$!-)_\`


_\`YP!_JYXU=?%'AFWEX9TOUSX_(S_A^!^R#_T`?CI_
MX:;51_.^&/QQ[4?\/O\`]D+MH'QT/T^$^J^PZ?;L]3Z?TK]=/[`T
==&TD?]

M?D7_`






MN



MUS'A[0NO]B:3GMC3++'KG_CT_7&:7_A']$_Z`ND_^ZR_P#D.C^VO__`*(/


M#XC_`/%@S_\`G`/_`%;\:NOBCPRO3PTI_KGMC\B_^'X'[(7./#_QV..X^$NK

_\@RRX'3_`)]*
M/[`T+_H#:5_X+++_`.1*/[:\+_\`H@^(_P#Q8
__`)P#_P!6_&C_`*.CPW_X

6#

Z+7X9\?D;_`

5I37_O

M_PW_[(0ZZ#\=/3_DDVK?\`R=3?^'X/[(7_`$`/CK_X:;5?_DZOUT_L'0R!



MCKXH\-+T\
Z7ZYZ?D4?^X'[(0&3H'QUQG''PGU0_P`K_P#_`%]!S0/^W_[




M?_%:4O\`Y^GY&?\`#[[]D/\`Z%_XZ_\`AI]4_P#D^@_\%O\`]D
#)\/_`!U_
M\-/JO_R?7ZY_\([H7_0%TG_P5V/_`



$TC

M/JG3_P`#Z/\`A]]^R'_T+_QU_P##3:K_`/)]?KE_PCVA_P#0$TC_`
%ME_\`

MAG_Q6=/_`.?I^1O_``_!_9!'70/CL#_V275_Z7A_G2?\/P/V0C_S`/CK_P&
MFU7_`.3J_7,:!H!_Y@VD?AIEB1Q[_8Q1_8&@?]`;21QD?\2RQY'KQ:=\].OM
M1_;7AA_T0?$?_BP)_P#S@U'_`*M^-?\`T='AG_Q6=._W?VZ?D:?^X'[(0Z^
M'_CJ/^Z3:K_\G4A_X+A?L@=M!^.I(X_Y)-J^
_\`@9@?G7ZZ?\(]H1'&BZ02
M
C_D%V6


M`

M
]A1_8.@\_\`$GTGCK_Q+++_`.1*/[:\+_\`H@^(_P#Q8
__`)P#_P!6O&G_
M`*.CPW_XK2A_\_C\BC_P7!_9!'70?CJ/K\)-8_\`DRG?\/O_`-D/&1H'QU(Y






_\`YP#_`-6_
M&FVGBCPW?S\
Z.GK_P`+I^1I_PW_[(0&3H'QUZX_Y)/JO_`
G?UI!_P6__
W_`!^]:_7;
M_A']#_Z`VE?^RR[<_\`/IZ_YXH/A[0CUT723]=
L?\`Y$I_VUX7_P#1!\1_



_\`YP!_JYXU?]'2X9^?AI27_O=/R
_X???LB?\`0O\`
MQUY_ZI/JO_R?2'_@M_\`LACKX?\`CK_X:?5?_D^OUS_X1[0?^@+I'_@LL?\`
MY$[9I/[`T#&?[&TC'K_9=C[?].GO1_;7AA_T0?$?_BP9_P#S@#_5OQJ_Z.CP
MS_XK2G_\_3\C1_P6_P#V0R

Z98\GKQ_
MHGU_4].:/[:\
/\`H@^(_P#Q8







MZ!_T!M(_\%EC_P#(E+_PCV@_]`72/_!98_\`R)1_;?A?TX#XC_\`%@S_`/G`




M/B/_`


MOX9T;_\`DN?-'Y&?\/P/V0?^@#\=/_#3ZJ/YWPI#_P`%P/V0A_S`/CK_`.&G

%OOV0P





6#/_YP%?ZM^-+_`.;H\-_^
M*TH?_/X_(O\`X?@?L@GIH'QUQ[_?51_.^7^7\Z/^'W_`.R'_P!_P#';_PT
MVJ__`=7ZZ?V#H/_`$!])_\`!99?_(GY_P!*/^$?T3_HZ3S_P!0VR_^0Z/[
M:\



M-6Z7\
Z=_P`

M^;*8XQS(#7Z*#P_H6.=&T?OTTNRY^G^B#IQTSGMBI;;2=*MI5GM--T^WF3.R






3BGND^NR_P`K







MP-\?:9\(-`^%?@C0/%OQ4^)LWA/3?&GB*[UOQA-
?#?@[PSI&L2)HUHJ:=;O





7O


_E&!5(=G7]M#XK_$+X(6'P/^(OA36HM.\$P_''P7
MX3^+^GRZ;87R:EX)\:7/]BI)]INH9+C2C8:J]HPO+*23-R$D8HV!YY\(2NN
M_P#!27]J_7]*9;G2/#'P3^O@35[V!O

ML)E*
HR2?H']L?X:O\6_V8OC5X'MH_

M.-4TFU2
H0Q+D`_
:5WS)N]G%:7EOK?2Z\F-1C9647Y\L?\`Y$\7_;S^
'QC





MT6+0M
\-WMGI&D^'-)U.V@0G5IUGNY7T^VU2.


6_PG'A%B22W




M^P'Q.^
/PP^#&@Q^)_BIXW\.^!M#GN5LK6]UV_BMVO[UP&6STVS1);W4KHHP
MD-O86]S*D?SNJI\PYOP5^T=\OB1X/\`$GCSP1\4??B'PIX-M[F[\7:K8WX





JK9ZAJYL@DIB\Q19L2UKR#:L08!'A0-'QWI6BZKX9_X)





M?#/2?#TWP:\*^))8]
\*:K&-/G.IR36

6WCKXF^*5M;^TOP'X<L

M2C\5E9Z_#&W_`*2=KXD_;=_9


ZH
MWQRM/#&HWNF067AOP[<ZGX5TZ/6/$4FFZ;;!+C4+73S=3V:K;2M/J0MFG1T5
ME/M'_!-^]\$V_P`'O$/@FU\.2^%/C7X#\<:SH?[1VGZU=/J/B_6?B<MW</<^
M,M;U:Y)OM6L?%D'_`!,MNY6%M#:-)8V:*U=I22]Q-2=_5]]'+7;T!<K;7+
M'2WV8_\`R)[=^VE\1?%OPC_9=^,GQ(\!:G'H_C#PCX674]U&6RM-0CM;O\`



MHTVS]B3]HAMJMM\$(=KC*-C7='R'&1\N

M!W]K/]I#Q!XAMO`7AOQ(?AAJ_CB.RT?Q)HG]@V.H:AX
\.:EHNG6FI:%?26/







+=#\
ZXWC^V^)

MK]ES]LOXT_$GP7K%CXY\!?'[X`RZ5H5UXT\

M-O)I?$?A2*6X_=SZE8E+6YD6%%BCN%#J+L]WL^LG9][7V$XQ:V2](Q_R.G^%

RZ)X[MM



M^!OQB\3?OXU^O!-]X);6O#%_\`%#5;=-:\-_#GQ;H=W:0:JOB'3Y8&CGDT

MF%U!=)XHO-`TF3P19V

EZC=/<:S?VT1(DO(-'T^]U
V2



MF\MX)+;35N1#(%N=2EM;4
/-!XK\X/VA_AA9?LK?&OX+?M*^!?%OBKQEXT^
M(7QFT;X2^(O!GQ-UL^.GU/PO\1]1NYM4B^&3ZE=0\$7/AY@9(XM`9+)M
2*

?_D3V#Q%X\^/O[0/[0?Q6^#WP




DTI-:L@8]7@@WQ6;6MP\07[B2_LA^5HO[3
M?_!0#PEJ#B+7I?C'X/\`'$%I
P6YN/#?BCP9VEW\$;XDELA);RVS3H&ACF_
M=;@YU\R^)_BCJ_PY\8?\%7?CQX(L--UU?MG\)?`EB-1LTU7P]/XGL/L&C


MK?=M-:][Z]@]SM'_`

M0'[57[0%]H?[%/CG]H/X%^*K(7
G@S0/%'@;Q3'9V&K6IM]7U?285F:QO8I[
VN8V-M<2.5%EA8+XK\3UU36OV_P#]B!/&FBZ;9:OK'P&^.,7B
MOP]'/'J^DVU[J'AVSCUW1H[F2,1:GI\<TT]FLLD02ZMQO9`)-H^%OVJH=6_8
M\^%W[2/[)6L?;I_@=\9=N?'_PS#K$PFGM?NLP^)M'U3QG\)KFY(?R8K;$

=Y7'/-?
M#7`^'/@#_L2OO7_`+`5AZ^_3TK\H_VB?V!/V@/BK^VUX7^/OA7XFZ9I7@6V

MAY(M=OWFM]W+_

?#7A/QSHOQ-\&Z
?#UGK?ASQ8SP6^E^(M!5Y[;2M?MI(Q+''

/CAX!T/Q9:7
-EJ.E7.JK(N

*2^



?B#JU_\3/VA_&6L:[K/CNY;5KZ

M0S06OB?XEVMJ;4

M)MZKM?37I=^HK1O;EC??X8_Y$/[8?Q!^.FE_&W]EOX.?!?XEV?PQ?XQWWQ'M


0SPY-QYDS.(E!X#XP:3^WU^SW



M'KU^$_6K2OCS\/H/@EX/^.WCS7M)^'7A#Q3X0\

M(-





M!:YE+:7)#&LMO*DBFYV6S(7N$#L#(23[S^S_`/SX!ZA_P`$\O.FW'AWPEJ





MG\3Z9K'QCUG3KFV
MU]6NUUSPOHVGZZGAN+4DN?



$K@VZ_I%IJPLOM!OH3<&V6[$)F
M\F/S2F\(JL!77^/O'_QL^$GQ
_87^%6L_$:U\6WOQ%\5^/=`^+?B&/PII.CI




M7=7T-M!(JEHW95)';7/Q@^%UG\.Q\6YO'7A=OADUG::@OCFVU6WO?#C6E_=P
MV-I
NHV9N(662]N(+-@K%X[F00RHCAE7X2_8`\/^&O%%U^UCXS\8:7I&M?%W




L_B`BRU*YLT654VPR/ME(+:5KIR23DK.6ON_/9[



:6L.GZU--


M&[2STSP+X0\/ZG=QV4FMW:R-J%YJ&I0&&T51!N:*5),S_@G+*TO[$G[/+M+
M)*%\%RQ1-*Q9E@AU[6(;:,;N52*!(XHTSB*-%C7J%'L?B[QY\-/&7C'Q#^S

MB:^L]KW!BB5-XG5/=Z:;O_
'&+Z)?]NQ_P#D?T/!/V=OB_\`%J#XP?'?]F_X
B_LV^(





_#UEKL\-MXV\1V]IJSV=MX-
8^SVBZ5+=WBB


M#J




M%9ZMXL\#:+\2/@5%\.])\-66B6OCO5K/23IGP\\56-T^OZAXB\.27Z?N=6CN
MH]5:SN7(\M&
GZOQE6B20!@&17R!0XW*&N
9#8(##/!XSWK\L?VY_A'X83

MU\-KJV@-))I





M7[8'[
?P]&IKXR^
_@?19]&\3ZGX
U2REOY;G4K'Q+HT-O/JVESZ796]SJ*O


M!6K?&G]OKQ3JWAC1=7UZ?]ISQ/X6.H:KIEGJ
T?AY-.L[YM)@:\AE\FRN;J^




9`4I?(OYGJ[+5^6N^N_3U

MQ8WNM6]J5.^QMKMEMYI@^%E.W&:[5P`



M?M
_&S7+7P)8^*[_`$9['P;IT^DZ5_:?CSXCW/AZVE$GV'1+(?;++1%D\J:X

7CK1





MLTG)?$'X/^`_V2?VF_V2=2_9TLKWP-)\8_B%JGPR^)7PZTS7=7O_``]XP\&'
M0KC4KGQ1?Z+JE]?D:IX8N8X;PZVI5MTD:RMYC


-/[;6468TO[`

N^'7US7(+34;

O%8:Z^)WQUOKOXV?


=GJLEM``MMZN^CM;1M*_=+F%RKM'?^6.W;X3U[Q-\2_B9^RU^R


M9-5F
O\`:UAX&U2^`\US.((;4Q
0D*I'](?M0?LT_!_X(?LR77[2WPNU_P`0




G
MQ&^(1UOP38_'34FUOXI:E:PV%KXFU/P?H4%IXKU?3+2R:2`6]QXBU!](T32[

M6_B7XGZQ:.MQH7Q&^*=L2R6FEQ@B[\/^&B





89;K3DDBA
MD7YF@^&]K\*?V@?VK?V:?@6;ZV^%GC/]C_7?'-Y\-;6_O=1T/X??$G58M5T#


&=%U



K;6J3
A

+D8S_L\'\Z_(G_@H;^PM\=_VH_BC\-/&7PO


Z(;?45




[:L=0TRZN9;Y&LTFM#9RJ(U
HE#;A@_GKX$_9^D^.?[9W


OQ1\




VUUZ.W_`ZB:BOLQ_\!C_`/(GZP3?%'X?6_Q#L_A-+XKT?_A9




M('\$Z!H-@C
MGX
GTI4O[5K+R[6XU(W$31D6-LQ_370?#/ASPO;75GX8T'1?




MH_PWU/6]7T[P]HL'BX1ZU'XYDT;2KVP_M'5_$EHUI!IVMW;3_9+'2UAL6A)=
MA]




?!GQ/UK0;CQMH4.C



M9?#=_C-\1?BAXGT6#Q`/AK\-VDM[73+:P\.W





OAF-4U#5O#_@+Q5H/B2WTG1?$6C6]

JPW+AI47;Y`C^O/VO?B?K?P9_9F^-'Q.\-Z58:UKGA'

MUQ;R1


M3]D#3_V@/#OQ/\1:IXX^&WAW2/CQID/B35K/5O@5K/B:=+7Q!+I5K\)IX?\`






?_`)$Y


MJ#J8KN[\.:!;65_K-O&KB6]M/L*R2%))7.IX;LOVS_AE\3/AR=4^)_AW]J#X




?B
^
M(]-U74=0.J:AI
5O'JK:V5%S;3/]HGE+^4\9;I=J[=KMOT3=]$EV^?93%+7X


MV7
(
3G:QKU5H5
)@4M&AB
*F)C&Z*5V`QLO*







MB34?GQ!\+6\-K!9R0Z?XITUUNWM[RWB%Y:7D=U9W#AI6M_
=F
?P7_`&4O

MLJ+
UAIEI9PRRJK3B4QQA?I:BB[M:[MZ@?)'@O\`8K^#/@34?C')HLGCB7PU
YB@D

3


MJ^GW^DZI:07^F:G9W.GZA8W4:RVUY8WL+VUW:W$3962&X@DDBE1AAT=E/!J[


[/IEUXB\/JILM1UC3`4BL-6(CNX((HX-
M[1!D?VNBB[[_`-,=NO?<\X^+GPL\)_&WX;^+/A7XYCU;PGXTTT:5K<6E7\N
MEZ@]HMU;W8%K?P!I;:036T1\Q`3M#+T8UV&@Z)8^&]!T;PYI8E33=!TC3M$T

MXG^+_B3PUI-_#:_'2YDOOB-X

4T.H7]GX3N(VT_3;K5(;FY


?[
M*GPS^

M;O1'90RZ?=V4T







EK





M!8Z/IUCI=D)I#+
+33[6*TMQ+*W


M?.:)I`K#Q_Q%_P`$]/@+KNK^)[K3M4^+'@CPOXXU*;5_&WPR\`?$[Q%X4^&?

OV;


M[6OH]0/A^U_X)_\`P-T_4-8CTW6/BWI?@#7]?N_$NL_!?3/B?XBT[X0ZCJ6H



M&QT^P$\LER4:X=Y3]C44^9]W_7R!)+8^9=/_`&4/AEH_Q[UO]HC1;[QMH_C'
MQ7:/!XQ\.Z=XJO8?AYXPN&TC^PTU'Q-X.9)+'5+^#3]JVTLLHC@G07$422M

M\'V\P2WTZ\GW/=Z38WMIITY;'V8*H`^\NX^A_F*6B[[O:WR`\0\5?L]?#+Q=



M.MG?P@RVDY`&R:





6U*YU6+X(W_P`4?$LWP@@N

MJ'@OQYX?M[TYO-.M-?TMA)/I5VP#3Z9?0W5FS;G6%'ED9OHFBEY@?/?P4_9E

M\-^'-\(:#I/ACPSI5CH7A[0;VTK1M&TR!+73]



M\2WVH23WNMZKK#.TE_J5_/+=RR!6611%$L?M%%%^@'PCH?\`P3M^`&D7N@1W


M;SSJKP6;31I]GLUS';H-JDBO3M4TVVU?3=1TJ\#FSU2QNM.NUC8QR-;7D$MM


M]Q=ZU_8_B4Z@VII_;#J+C[23J=U]GN-N^`&


M``DU?XFZWX/BU2*^^+GCN^^(_C)M2U.?48IO$^H6UO:W$NFQ3873;'RK:/98


ZC9
'TVZL_#-^R07C:

UYX91_[-NM66X0+!JDL9N8(
PHPC.*]1D1









MD:?S;VBL=-M8K.TC9R,L4MX(T+8!8@G&37R;\0_V'_@_P/?&WB/X@V.M_%
M/X8^(_&\44/C^3X1?$76O`5AX\$
9B6?Q/INF^9:75^T)

NIVL=GJ
R
QFN
M7D8R5]BT4TVM5N!Y1X1^'PL\#?^+X
^&_!FC6?PT32;_1;GPK-`U]9:I9Z




?$CX



M1QM49A!;1L[LWN]%%VTET6WD



MT'5O&\E[JD][837GAS3&TG33I=C*!%ID:V;L)XX25FD/F-@UZ=J^DZ=KVF:E




M]^!'@BR^'_PUT


M.?#_`(F\


M^T+!`D2P110?'GQ[#'##&@CBBACCOU2**&


:)Y



MG'::?;%W:.V#L6KQGQ+_`
$_/@7K^O\`BO5M+U?XL^`-&\?:E-J_CSP!\-_B
M;XA\&_#SQ=J-XS-J-UJGAC3)!!;R:L7?^U%TF?38[T.XE0AF!^XJ*+M.]]?E


Z^$[/4REKIUU);#[


`
end


















        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014 the Company issued 500
000&#13;shares of common stock to a service provider for services rendered. An expense of $2

 2014 the Company issued 2
664
000&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4

 2014 the Company issued 5
050
000&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $10

 2014 the Company issued 2
804
000&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $7

 2014 the Company issued 3
666

 2014 the Company issued 3
010
000&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $5

 2014 the Company issued 2
543
235&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated March 05
 2013 for $5

 2014 the Company issued 1
792
813&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4

 2014 the Company issued 8
000
000&#13;shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with Ironridge Global
 previous discussed. The stock was recorded&#13;at $56
000 but had a fair market value of $80
000. The Company recorded a loss on this issuance of $24

 together with certain other parties (collectively
&#13;the &amp;#147;Defendants&amp;#148;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton Hall
 LLC
&#13;Richard Maher and Patrick O&amp;#146;Loughlin (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Plaintiffs&amp;#148;). On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs filed&#13;a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including securities fraud and breach&#13;of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file an answer with the United States&#13;District Court for the District of Nevada

 we are not currently&#13;involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.&#13;Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
&#13;government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or&#13;any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&amp;#146;s&#13;or our Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries&amp;#146; officers or directors in their capacities as such

 the Company&#13;has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2013 to the date these consolidated financial statements were issued

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

084 for the year ended December 31
 2013 and the Company had an accumulated deficit of $7
608
511 and a working&#13;capital deficit of $903
232 of December 31
 2013. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the&#13;Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate&#13;capital

&#13;the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&amp;#146;s plan to obtain such resources for the&#13;Company include
 obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses.&#13;However

 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory&#13;to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations.&#13;However


 2014 the Company issued&#13;500
000 shares of common stock to a service provider for services rendered. An expense of $2

 2014 the Company issued&#13;2
664
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4

 2014 the Company issued&#13;5
050
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $10

 2014 the Company issued&#13;2
804
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013&#13;for $7

 2014 the Company issued&#13;3
666

 2014 the Company issued&#13;3
010
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $5

 2014 the Company issued&#13;2
543
235 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated March 05
 2013&#13;for $5

 2014 the Company issued&#13;1
792
813 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013&#13;for $4

 2014 the Company issued&#13;8
000
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with Ironridge Global
 previous discussed. The stock&#13;was recorded at $56
000 but had a fair market value of $80
000. The Company recorded a loss on this issuance of $24

 together with certain other parties&#13;(collectively
 the &amp;#147;Defendants&amp;#148;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton&#13;Hall
 LLC
 Richard Maher and Patrick O&amp;#146;Loughlin (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Plaintiffs&amp;#148;). On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs&#13;filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including securities fraud and&#13;breach of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file an answer with the United&#13;States District Court for the District of Nevada

 we are not&#13;currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results&#13;of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
&#13;public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of&#13;our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries&#13;or of our Company&amp;#146;s or our Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries&amp;#146; officers or directors in their capacities as such

 the&#13;Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2013 to the date these consolidated financial statements were issued



 2011 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$6

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$50
000. The note bears interest at 10% and is secured by &amp;#160;common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was &amp;#160;converted to 2
639
327 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features of other notes
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fullfill all conversion obligations. Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0013
 volatility of 597%


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On August 15
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 286%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;The note was converted into 4
888

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On October 5
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &amp;#160;a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .006
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The note was converted into 5
388


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $10
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during a 90 day period prior to &amp;#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &amp;#160;conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. The note was converted into 1
677

 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$45
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is unsecured. &amp;#160;The loan matures March 5
 2014 If agreed to by the Company


 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for &amp;#160;services provided totaling $109


 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $27
500. &amp;#160;The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can&#13;        be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during&#13;        a 90 day period prior to &amp;#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &amp;#160;conversion price.&#13;        Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this&#13;        note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of&#13;        .0012
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A portion of the note was repaid by&#13;        a cash payment of $10
250. The remaining portion of the note was converted to 3
988

 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $22
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading&#13;        price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than&#13;        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 482%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The note was converted into 3
840

 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        to common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading&#13;        price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than&#13;        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0014
 volatility of 517%


 2013 a third party purchased&#13;        a portion of a convertible note of the Company previously issued to another party. The note had a value of &amp;#160;$22
800 and was&#13;        convertible into to common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion&#13;        price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
&#13;        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is&#13;        reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 323%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The note was converted into 4
185


 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $15
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 10 day trading&#13;        price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than&#13;        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 580%


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8
077
 or put premium


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $75
000. The note bears interest at 6 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures March 26
 2014. &amp;#160;On September 30
 2013 the note was converted into 3
846
154 shares of common stock at a discount of 35% off the average bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to this feature we recorded a liability of $40
835. The note also provided for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock by &amp;#160;execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of this note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lowest selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method &amp;#160;to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest Rate of .0012
 volatility of 596%

 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $7
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 21
 2014. On November 19
 2013 the note was converted into 923
077 shares of common stock of the Company. The note was convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&amp;#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 400
000 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &amp;#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 598%

 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&amp;#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &amp;#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 599%


 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        into common stock 180 days after issuance. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price.&#13;        The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
&#13;        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is&#13;        reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 586%








 2012 to change the designation of its capital and preferred stock
&#13;as follows. The authorized common stock of the Company consist of 4
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also&#13;has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred A stock authorized
 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized
&#13;and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid&#13;in capital accounts on its balance sheet at September 30

 &lt;i&gt;plus&lt;/i&gt;&#13;all shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting

 the Board issued an aggregate of two (2) shares of Series B Preferred
 to two individuals (the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Series B Stockholders&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;).&#13;As a result of the voting rights granted to the Series B Preferred

 2012
&#13;the Company issued 19

 2012
&#13;the Company issued 36
500 shares of common stock and 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock to consultants for services.&#13;The Company also issued 9

 2012
&#13;he Company issued 26

 2012&#13;the Company issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock
 35
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock and 1 share of Convertible&#13;Preferred B stock to related parties that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31

 2012
 the Company retired&#13;358
785 shares of common stock held in treasury at December 31

 2012
&#13;the Company converted five convertible notes payable from non-related parties along with the accrued interest for a total of $93
443&#13;into 4
113
547 shares of its common stock. The Company also issued 100
000 shares of common stock for $2

 2012
&#13;the Company issued 5
200 shares of preferred C stock for $13

 2012
 the Company entered&#13;into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes the balance of the Note Payable&#13;for the acquisition of Stakool by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging costs and certain manufacturing&#13;costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued an additional 5
260

 2012
 the Company filed&#13;a Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form S-8 registered 4
000

 the&#13;Company issued 282

 2012 the Company issued&#13;3
750
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to various consultants for services. The Company registered the common&#13;stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on September 14

 2012 the Company issued&#13;500
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to Asher Enterprise
 Inc. at a value of $15
000. The shares were issued&#13;as principal reduction to a Promissory Note dated January 16

 2012
&#13;the Company issued 150

 2012&#13;the Company retired 10
000
000 shares of its Preferred A stock

 2013 to change the designation of its capital and preferred stock

000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred&#13;C stock authorized and 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized.
 and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value&#13;Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in capital accounts on its balance sheet at&#13;September 30

 2013
&#13;the Company issued 48
733
764 shares of common stock and cancelled 20
000

 2013
&#13;the Company issued 2
256
982 shares of common stock to service providers
 28
676
129 shares of common stock in conjunction with&#13;the conversion of promissory notes
 17
800
000 shares of common stock in to IronRidge Global under an agreement previous described&#13;in this filing

 2013
&#13;the former CEO of the Company transferred 2 shares of Preferred Series B to Mr. Joseph C. Canouse when he assumed the positions&#13;of President and CEO. Subsequently

 2013 the Company issued&#13;a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock&#13;of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on September 26
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the&#13;date of the grant at $140
000 using the Black-Sholes option &amp;#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest&#13;rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 720%

 2013 the Company issued&#13;a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 400
000 shares of common stock&#13;of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 21
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the&#13;date of the grant at $5
600 using the Black-Sholes option &amp;#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest&#13;rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 598%

 2013 the Company issued&#13;a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 133
334 shares of common stock&#13;of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 29
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the&#13;date of the grant at $3
099 using the Black-Sholes option &amp;#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest&#13;rate of 0.011 %
 volatility factor of 599%



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
000

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;400

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;133

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
533

533



 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#13;had $33
335 and $338 cash

 Statement&#13;of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
 investing
&#13;or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&amp;#147;Indirect&#13;method&amp;#148;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows

 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires&#13;disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting&#13;guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active&#13;market for the identical liabilities is not available

 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may&#13;be used to measure fair value

 either directly or indirectly


 &amp;#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#148; and ASC 815
 &amp;#147;Derivatives&#13;and Hedging&amp;#148;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease&#13;in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions&#13;between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over all fair value of the financial instruments.&#13;In addition


 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value&#13;hierarchy. As required










 wrappers and boxes
 and were stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost was determined on the&#13;average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012

 2013 and 2012. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the year ended December 31
 2013 and December&#13;31



 2013 and 2012. Diluted earnings per&#13;share is calculated by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number&#13;of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of&#13;shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had convertible notes and&#13;warrants outstanding that could be converted into approximately 91
935
386 common shares based up the closing bid price of the&#13;company&amp;#146;s common stock at December 31

 (ii) the product has been&#13;shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable

 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock&#13;Compensation&lt;/i&gt;
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services&#13;are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments&#13;such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee&#13;stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized&#13;over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award


 2013 and 2012 totaled $29
570 and $3
062
015


 &amp;#147;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#148; which requires
 among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that&#13;some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about&#13;the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance&#13;of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all&#13;available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including&#13;the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.&#13;Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is&#13;more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits&#13;associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for&#13;uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled&#13;for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled&#13;upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively&#13;settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than&#13;not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management&#13;has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2013. Tax returns for tax years 2012
 2011


 2013 and 2012
&#13;respectively. The Company determined that the office equipment located at its previous office location in Jacksonville
 Florida&#13;was impaired and not worth relocating to the new office. An expense for this equipment was recorded of $628 for the year ended&#13;December 31
 2013. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
 2013 and December 31



841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1






 2013 and 2012
 the&#13;Company had $33
335 and $338 cash


 2013 and 2012. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the year ended December 31
 2013 and December&#13;31




 (ii) the product has&#13;been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable




 2013 and December 31



841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1





    
    
    
    

 &amp;#147;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#148; which requires
 among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that&#13;some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about&#13;the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance&#13;of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all&#13;available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including&#13;the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.&#13;Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is&#13;more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits&#13;associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for&#13;uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled&#13;for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled&#13;upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively&#13;settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than&#13;not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management&#13;has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2013. Tax returns for tax years 2012
 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$6

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$50
000. The note bears interest at 10% and is secured by &amp;#160;common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was &amp;#160;converted to 2
639
327 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features of other notes
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fullfill all conversion obligations. Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0013
 volatility of 597%


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On August 15
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 286%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;The note was converted into 4
888

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On October 5
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &amp;#160;a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .006
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The note was converted into 5
388


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $10
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during a 90 day period prior to &amp;#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &amp;#160;conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. The note was converted into 1
677

 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$45
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is unsecured. &amp;#160;The loan matures March 5
 2014 If agreed to by the Company


 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for &amp;#160;services provided totaling $109


 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $27
500. &amp;#160;The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can&#13;        be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during&#13;        a 90 day period prior to &amp;#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &amp;#160;conversion price.&#13;        Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this&#13;        note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of&#13;        .0012
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A portion of the note was repaid by&#13;        a cash payment of $10
250. The remaining portion of the note was converted to 3
988

 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $22
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading&#13;        price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than&#13;        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 482%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The note was converted into 3
840

 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        to common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading&#13;        price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than&#13;        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0014
 volatility of 517%


 2013 a third party purchased&#13;        a portion of a convertible note of the Company previously issued to another party. The note had a value of &amp;#160;$22
800 and was&#13;        convertible into to common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion&#13;        price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
&#13;        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is&#13;        reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 323%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The note was converted into 4
185


 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $15
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 10 day trading&#13;        price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than&#13;        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 580%


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &amp;#160;$15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8
077
 or put premium


 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $75
000. The note bears interest at 6 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures March 26
 2014. &amp;#160;On September 30
 2013 the note was converted into 3
846
154 shares of common stock at a discount of 35% off the average bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to this feature we recorded a liability of $40
835. The note also provided for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock by &amp;#160;execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of this note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lowest selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method &amp;#160;to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest Rate of .0012
 volatility of 596%

 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $7
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 21
 2014. On November 19
 2013 the note was converted into 923
077 shares of common stock of the Company. The note was convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&amp;#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 400
000 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &amp;#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 598%

 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&amp;#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &amp;#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 599%


 2013 the Company executed&#13;        a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted&#13;        into common stock 180 days after issuance. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price.&#13;        The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &amp;#160;&amp;#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
&#13;        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is&#13;        reduced to that lower price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had recorded a derivative&#13;        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free&#13;        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 586%








 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value&#13;hierarchy. As required





    

 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding&#13;common shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. was incorporated in the&#13;State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes and reorganizations. In November&#13;1997 the Company moved its domicile to the State of Nevada. Through 2008 several additional name changes were made. On August 21
&#13;2008
 the Company changed its name to Hybid Hospitality

 2011
 Stakool entered into&#13;a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.

 2011
 Stakool and Anthus&#13;Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding&#13;shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange for scheduled payments
 totaling&#13;$350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &amp;#147;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&amp;#148;). The parties amended the&#13;Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance of an additional 2
650
000&#13;shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of Sale and Purchase and
 as of&#13;December 31
 2012
 $355

 2009. Anthus was a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products packaged for consumer consumption.&#13;The Company had one product line in the natural food category. In 2013 the Company terminated its production of products due to&#13;a lack of working capital. However as additional funds have been secured by the new management team

 2013 all officers and directors&#13;resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director. On April 20
&#13;2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk joined the Company and was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse
 who continued as&#13;a Director

 2013 the Company&#13;completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2
903
888
889&#13;to approximately 29
039

 2013 the name of the&#13;Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from&#13;four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000


    
    
    
    
    

 Statement&#13;of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
&#13;investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&amp;#147;Indirect&#13;method&amp;#148;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows

    
    

 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires&#13;disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting&#13;guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active&#13;market for the identical liabilities is not available

 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may&#13;be used to measure fair value

 either directly or indirectly


 &amp;#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#148; and ASC 815
 &amp;#147;Derivatives&#13;and Hedging&amp;#148;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease&#13;in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions&#13;between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over all fair value of the financial instruments.&#13;In addition


 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value&#13;hierarchy. As required











 wrappers and boxes
 and were stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost was determined on&#13;the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012



 2013 and 2012. Diluted earnings&#13;per share is calculated by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average&#13;number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted&#13;number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had convertible&#13;notes and warrants outstanding that could be converted into approximately 91
935
386 common shares based up the closing bid price&#13;of the company&amp;#146;s common stock at December 31


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock&#13;Compensation&lt;/i&gt;
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services&#13;are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments&#13;such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee&#13;stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized&#13;over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award


 2013 and 2012 totaled $29
570 and $3
062
015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2012
 The Company entered&#13;into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes the balance of the Note Payable&#13;for the acquisition of Fresh PROMISE FOODS Inc. by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging costs and&#13;certain manufacturing costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Pursuant to an order approving stipulation for&#13;settlement of claims between Ironridge and the Company
 Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million common shares plus that number&#13;of shares with an aggregate value equal to $332
748
 divided by 70% of the following: the volume weighted average price of the&#13;issuer&amp;#146;s common stock over that number of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt required for the aggregate&#13;trading volume to exceed $1.75 million

150 shares
 and may be required to return or be entitled&#13;to receive shares
 based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes of calculating the percent of class
&#13;the initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 875
491 shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the&#13;issuance of shares to Ironridge
 such that 97
150 shares issued would represent approximately 9.99% of the outstanding common&#13;stock after such issuance. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 Ironridge received 17
800
000 and additional 5
357
150&#13;shares respectively
 which were recorded at $234
200 and $354
103 respectively. For the same periods the company recorded losses&#13;on these transactions of $109
600 and $316
602 respectively. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the balance of shares due Ironridge&#13;Global was 24
378
310 and 42
178
310 respectively
 which was recorded at values of $170
648 and $295
318 respectively. Carrying&#13;value of amounts due under this agreement are computed by multiplying the percentage of total shares due issued to Ironridge times&#13;the initial value of the obligation recorded in 2012. In connection with the transaction
 Ironridge agreed not to hold any short&#13;position in the issuer&amp;#146;s common stock
 and not to engage in or affect
 directly or indirectly

    
    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    





    

    
    

    



    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2012
&#13;the Company issued 2
000
000
000 shares of common stock and 1 share of convertible preferred B stock to an officer and director&#13;that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012. The Company also recorded consulting&#13;expense paid to this director of $50
000 for the year ended December 31
 2012. In 2013 the 2
000
000
000 shares (20
000

 2012
&#13;the Company issued 35

 during the year ended December&#13;31
 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
000

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;400

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;133

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
533

533

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


549

369

549

369



830


823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1 
830

    
    
    
    
    
    




830


830

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    






      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000
000 shares authorized
 62
676
958 and 33
752
315 shares outstanding



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      






      


      


      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      


      






      


      






      


      






      






      






      






      






      


      


      





      


      


      






      


      





      

      





      






      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      






      












      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      





      


      


      


      


      





      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      






      


      


      


      




      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      





















      


      


      


      









      










 converted







      




      

      


      

      


      





      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      













      



 Outstanding







 Outstanding







      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      













      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 contingent


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      







      

      

      

      

      

      


 Gain (Loss) on Derivative


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      


 Plant and Equipment









 Plant and Equipment



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      


 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      

      

      

      


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

289)

830
894)


        

466
        


        

823

830
894


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#9;-]]]`$``/`9```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#




M`$`M54P(_4```!,`@``P`(`E]R96QS+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:,D
M0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B(F=I
M%
QRI9$P4<IA:-&3
_F?6*73HQ`GA,[RW;E
M0V8+J<_;J)IRTF#%?.<TQ')^R)C`YXFVEQ/]/^V.'$B2XG02.#S/-^*<T#K

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#)


@H@0!
M**```0``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

MSLR2NKO_?=A7/T-
NZ&O#2V6I@I]
[2[?EN;[T]?+V]
D7UN1Z3H9)RF\<TZ-7=5^CBLQ:

:#T[9`!RWP2MF0KY`?DS8-01S6/C4P/#6P]JF!
MX:E!MU9L=KZXJ@KDB[M2#86HAV8@E
+#=K8J7.Q]`^YECN&]);HWSV&-G.


I)



YJ^C#.J.`-
TMJ2'N914&%5%Z6C!-

.?B7#)!F;7QHK



M*ZE)X;)5C%.%=PY3M/6XO_67@*;.H
8YE=!U7=3#(=IUTM\U:^N:R)4UC3US
M!OU'N


ME0

NHZ!V`/RKQDRT!5WQ.1P+PE7


)&Q
MA^1NE


MO)ONP#J.0S[4YA#:T^FS'.LX!GGCV.ETU*:VQ_#IEF*D8='SQ]%YY\:^'-@;
M*)X4$PV+O3H95IG.YQ0..:R#B4X]HK?Q.#IPR%$I<5Y#7]8].+QCBN':A3/
M&/
SM$1'MFW@_3@G50XO[N;#O/G:AT2;ORWG_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

M6MMNXS80?2_0?S#\'EL495V

2=GL_GV'&E+B

MNW@^:]K\O





MM



M35N=_D&0

*G
M/:


_GQSZ7WZ&@F\-1(TA@B)2B]#5U5XW?%S%I80





(
MP;3[21(+-L0I`IR\NQ;!*O`]5JG
L2!Y3VX)78-9Z&P(%4(P]%7HL0%.\;`3

M(
:TON?QO305'`ZJ%^YTD(]9M1#6KFF,T=(PQ8BI5`##*0GL?$(#7'70)6
M/:\1L)@1`2UBTPEH-&LA-J)*(`9;*$I8AZ7]X:&%K
&U^UF%+^6LNGQH_Y

M`4=$S26Q:Q%X(HI853/CLR--9UB+VO3P40))^%QZ!6*P`
D*;K6HO*4&X!;`
M*NNU`EC
J`!:VZ8S04D#+C^JN6^I8%;OEY_/;P


M6E$.6N(FCX&/@@A_^PO\F$NQP8#T]!A6J+2'#)UDE?9=H\PUHA2TRDVG@)I(


5@%?Z4?0S)=
`B7@6L#

MM:#1WZ3($H433M;O=0E79(
Q'11ZT$0TF-0@W/#1K[$)I`ABEI3
-:(
M-1-


ER+

9^::T/B9)$^[

@IBX8]N&`Q&/P[MMPCAL?'9$$]Q&$@9L#TN^YXC2OHF


/'7V
'XN<
E?BM_R


M?M')Z7]J\O@O````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`+8=`4F88```9V0``&0``


MV.!*LJLYG\_G.X]#$M?$)F5[)K.__5Y+:!;BOZ+Y&*2:7XL4G/HA$(/OSG









MXODI/#9DDSS\N__[Y]/G]V\?+_.W5\6[FWQ.^

M

6OP]WO@I*Q5SQ]HQ5D)7=/P[Y^_<?QZTM

;^R


MQST5_




Q_M&V.NRI7.GO;Q'LJ.`G5^8\I


XH
MOM

LQ
MAP/N
&(/K^
N

0.JY
XI$SB


MB@F*;O_NIY@[SPS2S*U;9YAB_&6-%&:L




MR1S2::3RLM]II-D---1.`_4'JOY`S1^H^P
-?Z#I#[3\@;8_T/$'NM'`\05.
MSQ_H^P
#?V#H#XS\@;$_
/$'IO[`S!^8^P
+?V#I#ZS\@;4_L/$'C$F
5!(C

^!5%#44=10-

S9S

40Q0C%&
4$Q13%#




YFUSL=0[D_GN#M)+FF(US;M5D44Y8*'N

JDQJ3-I
&DR:3%I6V*GC[?)

!DR&3$9
QDPF3*9
9DSF3!9
EDQ63-9
-$FGP4QXRD29-G
MHXBC-'FNHPBDS-ZYCB*2TN2Y3AS*K.W34=11!%.:/*^/(II&D4VYX#EK66Z?


MKM)VJL@W3=D_;J$.%^HRZ3'I
QDP&3(9
1DSF39,IDQF5MBGXY3=]*RRR9
MK)BLF6R82+?'

[O;\[(4R91NSW44

K8FE4F-29U
M)@TF328M)FTF'29=)CTF?28#)D
F(R9C)A



=12AE'L]U%+&4


MXRIU)@TF328M)FTF'29=)CU+HJ:7NROMYZ)NI^ESF0&3(9



DC9Y-56$4
M@90)/2]+$4F9T'
=12AE0L]U%+F41L]U%
F41L]U%-F41I]5QVWTX35JO]'H

6D;8D]=2-WCV?TN$2728])GTF
M`R9#)B,F8R83)E,F,R9S)@LF2R8K)FLF&R;2YC%%TN;95!5&$4=I\[PL12E
MS7
=122ES7
=12ZES7
=13*ES7

(XM\U[7QE7


M*I
:DSJ3!I
FDQ:3-I
.DRZ3'I
^DP&3H27VM$6I4
YY[[V
N
B8R83)E
F


M'D[&
ZDQJ3-I

IDQF3-9
%DR63%9
]DPD0Z/69
.SZ:J
M
9J7_NJ*.HHPBF3.5Y
M?131E*D\U\D.I]OIPRNH3J?RRDX?77AU.J6_S7E7`%6&5LW2J3&I
ZDP:3
M)I.6)?;)NER\\R:W;:[18=)U%B


M*=I*D'4UEGW'%4F-J]29-)@TF;0LL7TCG)S+'_?S[VTNTV'29=)CTK?$75]_

ADQ&3
9
)DRF3&9
YDP63)9

M7

MCU=^NB:ZULKM]8GW7;
NR+*]'DDM0%)GTF#29-)BTDXA1?^'*SHIR'OMV&72

9
)DRF3&9
YDP63)9
5DS63#1/I]I@5


M.

M9'^
W7@7][8/-__R$.DPZ3+I

ADQ&3.9
)DRF3&9
UDP63)9
5DS


G?G


F`R9#)B
F8R83)E
F
R9[)@
MLF2R8K)FLF%BC


MM[=G'&D-)DTF+29M)ATF728])GTF`R9#)B
F8R83)E
F
R9S)@LF2R8K)FLF
M&R;2V+

=12REL7

VDP:3)I
6DSZ3#I
M
NDQZ3
9
!DR&3$9
YDPF3*9
9DS63!9
EDQ65M2W
]^D'^QGOYN_&`7$OC
MOK:5[A[E+X1W'GOHQM%$F72CFF5WLY&$4;I[5Q'$4?I[5Q'$4CI[5Q'$4GI

&
MDR:3%I
VDPZ3+I

ADQ&3
9
)DRF3&9
YDP63)9



M
&DR:3%I
^DPZ3+I

ADQ&3.9
)DRF3&9
UDP63)9
5E;4K*MN?Z'
M]Y[4AH!
VZ
0_;*$3-LQ9M+;V2BR:!1AE-[.RU+$47H[UU$$4GH[UU%$4GH[

VDP:3)I
6DS
MZ3#I
NDQZ3
9
!DR&3$9
YDPF3*9
9DS63!9
EDQ65MB&W/Q*CEOCU)T!
E3
M


MFTF'29=)CTF?R8#)D
F(R9C)A
F4R8S)G




!<``!D`
M``!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

MJ=15HXCBH6K7KGVX9C`J-4(L8
:9MU\=(FH:AM8U%R.V7WZ2_CL)9/CS
SIJ


$I[R7=8`.4-V
MM#SFOM$W0&D\W(8P`I%V+6&[D?YB#C9F4S?&PSQ!_X7LG-Y=:^F!G^=)N%V'
M

`&
MVR^'I0%D%&0:EBV4`GZ$#L!_+0I%:4!&_
_\\QQNL\-(;W4:=K?9
@'77EF:


Q(

VU2:S@BB:N#@P
MQX$%#G@XL


MM(IIJXQ39I`_LS+10H@K$1CIU69$S$EB42;P;3P:6=+(BD;6902-9U-'*#;#
MW%%L%A.I!:M_O=VBE6(W#DQQP
&!&0ZX
G#ODMVUU7*85S$=E5E4


4!!P=F..#*@-QYQ6(W
MQX$%#G@XL

OGC&B%/4?#G$BFSG.2
M<$AB5B;L'EKHW2H&[;/S*@;MLXLR@ZK8(XDE2:Q(8DT2FS)A]V[;A%(`\!N
'



?
M_P(``/__`P!02P







WP%`?#W[+W<P.Z9/.;^_?[_O'R\CONT6[+.H2\-F7W?GR
M\]Z&G








MN)+

TXP-EHC'\!.`ZUZ.@\[+*OHJ-1N!E!(TJV4*.MAIJ

M




MB'J_6RX+;M(#Q8D@AA!-EDN7$LN''@`,UFV1@8*,HT0:S?4KA#?,`_6U7_W
M*EZ!V+UB3Q)%.I_C`$:-+(\N%&\F'6ASU!)%^H_RG`$*1SUPX?@O3'?




(RRY!:61@PA
MFA2`T7MP:VD^@7@9)6@:`;:]&Q+MAMHUXK,<N)4<.%C`(T%%)XB

M0X!&/G-@W1U`*SDQOP
@:!P#G@.&D%L-O5:30)8'MX('=VQR]`21-&'OGP(

MO-?1O.ZPE=D31


M
A-$PMM%R0K3D`(

MOF5NU!





MONMHWO=\STG0N*4


W^






ZC'9OA[NO_XT0=L+60Y
_P:3JB^_1';[7Q@+2`E7Q]W1PH&\HC%87ED




M+1

MBG`]8YR;!.2@=VQW7)4^!SK=RA^'8
]!U*TMQ5`F`#A


:\QE





M^(:Y1@-1-D=:4=:K?;R[)@&K&`WLIV0_/NMO@2JJXWC?F'\+E\^G1U']PL
MO[V7)^^-U4W!JY4?C4+?8U7.=T5U6/G__/WT
/.]ILVJ77;B%5OY'ZSQOZU_

[-9[4R'U*N






PU49=4XSN-;#D

GV=]A*%M[J)-P%0;]4PQ6)O5:0I1
0;:]B&D?B8@O[.O*!LL^!6%]MGV]C*D0
MCDX*&C:@+=T5+M=ILT'*P#S'U.<6$^'IFZ;






MI:KJ;J]#
!!-$J
D


MG6[L/===Y@Y3IOO696U$WY@-7RSY4V5=?QV3GMH6'9IK^I*AWJNJ%3945M

MYZ\_;H1E^!FY^+NE[X?S76AFVSM[+[FQ__8
5NWT&Y`W`DC


MX]6_!$IA2)4BL!_*4*B4^#:/J(BB=5_+
*G=!I0(+P=BP.^NK3E&9=MIPW
M_&C!V(/(VT
F1C*9@?(I/^AFR-C/$@:9$B+/0F5APZ2!7+10Y?=E0


(5]1;QK_#.+:`
M4BVV2T8CTDO.R-*M%#+^Z
5\
(&\2%Q`?74X%;(0`$')E2)!(FH+XX_C3PO



NCGUD
M3/'?)%(3H40?/1*]@/7HM6&]0@9S2Z=^3/0E!0&#O=1$*


M8/-3.H&GK8



M+U$`$DU[J^KX3!4F\`)%1G4`B7C`@:UR3':OVS(`@9


UE/Q
M9`$IO(ZHSD3''#F[X0C[Z]C1Y1Z*F)JPG!^(R+7AVBY*BLC2D#!TSW-

M$A)3

S-\83]EG5A+XO)*9F+$T@







MI0J!0RM37G5+5Q7YA5MB'1X1UN(E%PT1,%0;%W94J*?E)3NX'G)6Y#6(N-



A`


`
@OZW#6F447
X.4])Q[



CDN

M`CBT67:3`'[]^CG'!Q_6MZ]5B5ZHD(S7$?8=#R-:)SQE=1[A7S\?;A88247J

M]!NK*20;MDEOP([S9RU]3/4CF.R.9C^T&_!=H)1F9%^J'_SPE;*\4+#;(02D
MXUJE;_=4)I!0L'&4#LEO`0`^$45TY4!2&O[?^!I:J(\&3FA'-OXH


F@T0[I^99/!2PHK@TN;[;H
ZDDVXSB#1C-D#+W^



_8!+V$3A#UN!ZNJ!0#4*QXQ\W+2(J1H/.'



:Z'8*!=FZYM7+'=
4#`4:+THM$Y4=(`K$MSN##$
M/(_W#:]
6^(X\](\B$.`HQ73YIY;2HSH6ALI_CA0N*5R)-&6!.Y;DC#SDBC-

M^%WU#N



MW@L80M)$2:HF5;=*FS1-^_/L@`E6`2/;:=IOOVL;DA@R:%_24I][^KOW$-O+

MD?%GD1

`BF
M?HEIY1J'!7^/!\LRFI`'EAQ*4DECPDF!)?+G-:B=2N3]]B5F#\?ZIN$E358
M[&A!Y9LV=9TR63SM*\;QKH^7]$$)ZVW?NC9ES3A3+!



MC94Q1N3.B;]=`+;V


!W@H36NY#1

9JI;@'F&$\Z76R-8')A
CU96(@PNTO$X?DIL8V&4'3R


?'IXILQABAD[]A-)I+A/-TM&([I+`8

MJO?EJHILNAB=OW8F5Z




.J

AV6Q3O
M-_:+O\I\SW:WZ\Z@[R4^LZOO%CN2\Q^T++Z6#0:WH4ZB`CM7@7ZI1!#
-F]


MJ^_C@1
LIOYT]A
JDUX%/GN58.%

Y@

G@#Q;_VYO[&

M8/8L6`RZ


M1&8B%`?FJ@.7@]Y\J(E)NA/:@1M)9BF?;\?3PK$YG
BPP:5TE
A
A.*!:`WO
M_-B9/13=`];3=(QI!%/$HDDGCD8VH.9P_#B@'+7S%`3-(-T`[Y2#*/%A^;
MPXD
&^Q+1XG

MW9!]M^P%:TP/.





M)RHDXTV
7-M!%FU2GK&FB-&?WW=7$;*D(DU&*M[0&+U0B6Y67[\L]UP\RI)2
M98%#(V-4*M4N


B:$44\


]!2_C







TU1$A%1%$@Z3OZ^2]%6
M+3E-W8LMDL/9F=W5:G7S(FKTS)3FLLEPZ`48L8;*G#=EAG]\OY_

=*&-#FI

R_
HTOEE__+`Z2/6D*\8

3=+2[H!:=*:ED8#^A\
M)_32\\)?^


MIBDD%&B\*+%


M
!B&WCC
]`R3#A';]Q`#;4!RO38+SC`8[Y

M'

T.OS^`
M:=22DCT25?)&HYH50!EX



&ULE)A=;ZLX$(;O5]K_@+AOP`:<$4Y

S:K;^_ET7GC


M#IRW#EBHFK5[:-O3TO.:_

6
9-


M!N9L3IG


?:7]L06\(8E,$2=@2-#<G31`!7^CHZIE1%R+H2#+WM6PC?/,IPB1L
M8LM88C<#E]_GZ8=K2A2O:PT05PN8F#/5B.U\DB/3=I2=&;]TC#&GQ%&D2

88P`AUFO-
ZVI*F*R)Z33&H+6:]%$*?


BF.A/XPG&OE\FYCB

M&1-Y`(.EH



MG
GH0&%_.`CTVZ;O)O4(
FP2O8*E`HO


?+4-'X[=+2U'70?PHVJF'XR]8YQ6%#N,R@0
MOYOA9Z53MN<_LWI?5(USY#M(=G\VAXU<XU<S?&C%J?N,]Q:^-K5_7F`KYL<
MOC'Y
X!W0K27!_E=[OJ]=/







MP@KH`'Q;)54S`PJWYK?`TUE'J)@8H^G;N`!;FV)D,]412(KV0O)RG\:\HY1
M.L0_AD+4XAOC_SQ='9#BJ-[U`A&6.+5DK.#!9
&[BEJK*:@MX#DDYGN1^MZ



TI/!=<[Q3T@61UL]INF805OOF;PX:.P&+BV@!GC,G3
M@=J+M%O$U7\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`4AYM\MU0``4S`0`4````




78X_?FSV]EL
M_-677TZO;O.[[G1M-


AJ?I</

WHV&L]LI8WIY


M-\-\A^!OTAV`MU[^*?M5?E]_[XOU]?6-]9W]K:WU^J-B2Q?WXR8D&^NKOUHZ










?.$M*I2!)@IL^*[?5&KG

MJF
\AKX$O2NCE^6^?.





M^HL
?+B-=?
M-B0`E[T$M\X&)N3+7AOBB
?_F5KYV&^[NPADG<]E,T:W3!7B?
\W&ASV
M[QL-M8I[OYDUYF_.FMVB(;++/!]FW=[OYU-!(TQM^/_B-4U0T!/TH)-U.L8C


MJD-\.
+EQ5]&^F#IX*4\Z'


5Q5=BY(B*KKU5ZI(<!J<PX)
&+8
Q==\CXF8C;*-8


MDC1
G23GA)9R]DO2%/;))ON^[R_;(&[1!`'&G2@\QTM4C:)YW/92TQ')D!/%


MB%@W#L%V:YS%VPU']=$!R\C0&&CR%80%EKGK#G%A%T673Q^Y!'UOE#G`CL/J
MP8D(RQ))/0&?WW/X
@24_-VQK9






M&IX)
WX[&@UHFQJ2D/Q(B-A'$B8TZ%AE&DTF'K=UQ5FOJ7!]Q)\+C0-Z-J0S

JHD&5R`S;)\30*M$S7

WZ#-<HVK3]NG5XW+1!!N#*%Y4#8


MO)H@]0


M4;9WQ-!22'*VKFA`$#+-/I*'U?]O6$.)-94@;D$C=;QDDXR'F?-/3FGS9=7?
MV9L/6#M8V2E

FNJEXVG1(0'T65T@965JZ8Z




%X9_QC+&DB;E1KHMLM$J)$PGAB`/X+&CHO9
M`O0=6+^D*56U#584&1J&?@%7]P+H9%R`*\%;.I*,YTT`$@]^3B:?NN#_U-
M:ZB]C]*NDJZ$1ZZAYC2I44[1$-)PB+XH/



#M;RWX][T^^S7[/]


3&0V/=4NA]A3PVL'UU?
MJTC(KH/%C
A/=X!P!,WX_!P;5J0]B$A7#*_B`-B[+Z$M4?U8WK(2/H9NM@





]I.4OZ2,73CU,:$A
M4,:$(PA*A9F*RFZ,UL`D6@=-R%\([9@&`M;0;.2P!DF+64/2%J\5X2.25HP



`D+
MPH3$UXN(0O`72A&/)BIFBR!@^#SE$6-C:=FYT/;Q?\%'&-7`WF/;(+)=+C
M$F8FT%2A8&G
(F^N#W=TH9J9YECXGL[EC/5%3=:^H\G'4@?JDI4HE/63F!PJ
MG-E6ZIPR\7`T$_$(FQ2#(^:X39Q/NT)X;VG_2'G
T`9YV*-




MC60DW%Z$8`1;;NLP%)
Y4DKM#BRQ3WY0*[3+#[:D_/
OL\1*A7W3;I\E
Y9I
MEZB2E$OH]D9FVHF?RJP#W&%'
:




M
!P`


N.8'BV

$YZ`7!R[

M*[DA%9D[.W\-


M


%U`HRG=]
?Y_PM((MA.`I_3'X<3#
P!&6L8J?Q.E
MFP)HP3'%)S4K!:.)?])4&])G@):2ET(*SS\



&*32

8S#GO2W4,MM*<EDY&NA+L#,9LD0YP?KA_!4LAS]Z<;:OS=0!A^+
MY@TY6

RCY-#Y6I-=Y0
MD87H6JE`





'Q?F+*F2+<)7Z



M?6S'+BB3JU3.K$2(JL_8^;F&VQ@*O2I`'1Y1BWOU]JA.(FG-U


MC:U-B5/+1+VIYP3CL?^.621;D3Q/V!HY2F7:%8_VYL516PFK:]`?-A4X%AS.

84+R]XGNY[=W:X4Y





N*D#C7#IZ/BB




M



Y5J'+9$L:
M!6/B)6.9'\PFS9`BWXU=6_^B+H*^;#!U;Y5Y^B7EN@2_QPJAO[*@@:\
C&
M!%RTAU`K)!3P'P8T

-Y*S


9-@4%
MP\%-Q9R@P(%Q68[0*)\?=9MT7=J@KB$RZNAS14FN.K#YGC#VSEE_$)M&Q$]J


MU@Z=8

MAP8O2D$
U5`7^RKW4$6;&VO9[@U#72H/VU:%PNSG5I(^^AA7WN)&'*[(S$

MQJ*SMTA-5

M3G;8%Y6`-#




MW=RA!(V+9+I=.JA3
%KL+`NFD#LVXMD2E/(M5XOO_+JT*^!\$4,I9PI*$86
M*WA2G.6N'0$#5M9VAL[19%0U!
84?&)0F.YD_[1CODP/I#I*D4+)A/AXWE$

R+BZT`Q2/$B?Y)^5

_
MY``)CM1C.#[O5`@^MR-46MA+U[;\XETU1.\L?&W5UE,^:S=_77M&]'Q+6[Q

3ROWQX5L!:5/#!SQA#C+=8QX8SJKJKRB^&[*U#
O
M/O2QPKUR/D)=V@




M[]00%G)1901Y.LS:5`BY&M%OIN

?CR6@(
MX_()OF\&(QPVL:9;=@1Q?[MUL+$G9I=?-U?Q);IASSU@]N)




7AQ81J
MZ\


M$?.WLH^FME8V]]=;N]K[-0MD2;&_L



[-;K^A\_U8+J[_


M64S5\UT$P\X_?Q=:JSSH#RLG
TJ[@'#VZLVX%E]$M)G#`=9-AKEYH*Z4O)



[E]-:CZ
MX)I%_#AC%H6!LBK&XDJN$@RB4V(A1$_-E^H_2FI%BORP?YH57U](MY]D%0Z
MM-_/KAD0T9#3)D[LYL`LG@3P#N_``\@G-M%TL5SZY('/4T45'F2_JOLO#_]

/2%3X'$'X&






MS



?Q+\.=M#K5\@+?O$LS'(QE6




_9U-8A\V2897FEE-3GV#(M]%1RYZE)7F]Y*\*U+


M@L_XM
S&3\)F-2_+?!IC_KWS\_!P5=AV-GY@?EZ!D\G%)@)LCC^=(K=]KM&G

@P;S1A6$4L27OJGC8/@+#`=6LK9SM8W-)UQ^;7_/;ZR&JXQ[^IMG\
MGRP93/8/E2)4!;0J7%N;6S^):
-:%]IPN^=ZA#+-`]YFAQ3;-Q\
(!?;M\J


MCBK&Z!$KPNW1GO$B$V
7[(0+\






1I36#3ST\^!MEG8D/3Y.X;_]5N2
MSI.6I(97MG/PI

B]5+([9



L



O^0C
GS$X)#2

PZ^
M]Q'F3V_J\/+]3

M/J(F#[_?DMVZ*\)THKHM?WGUXMG1ZQ/T[D;]G*!0:\^.?GA^^/Q--?6;C.JX
M.EK0!PL[M0L'X563:!^F

FV=



EQ`@/ZC:ALMXVDF\D:4\[B)L3KSJ/PD<7KF*K%2&!(VB*5/NJ7<`'9WW8
M@BL[Y#?R(7H1((H]U



M5ZRWZA5FRK^Z3*N%S[
JQ#DYVOV3NO


MANT1_]^^1:,/'4_RD73%+=C%PGTTWL1D5TU)G



MNI#JK/TIY6)/:!LQGQ-L\\U7ATV`BK8YH!EXI6ZTL]9ED
S\=5354A4XV.KK



9
M=V+I:/VI]RPD4E?=J6R%F&5@Q@Y=9?X$`&&7
!DO
:T2RS)$TGU

I9P%_24

RYW\64NI6JJFT.ZQ@.

-WPX\_
MFE=2/;B`7
,,=%P:Z?(C@Q7NOLD8RWU[*6(8I:
/!%O?DZ.B*O*I4R3K


P%1'2\U'U^]
MJR_9W2:E$G80
38S.2A?3._(6PO@]RXA9@$+WJ6D#_D*FWM]WTF+F
_^0=.O
MMH?1:7$6Y@

MM?R4F(A.H67Z6/YPZ`^Q@Z7=[9'=SW%-44BK8PC9_#;YBN/B(RCYA6C$(P



-*([%2/L(B3HM(19

M:A$.SAQ

MNA$C&P&CIYM9(J

M_C*]O/A5W

@0@^$?V
M*.





MRR#;-F
$VNA-$M+BY%20&A*?F-?D1`JEL?MDCI7OSE?Q[3G2$V?BO2LER^[*


#\6KK

MC$//0R\B1IEM3*4).M=@%3+)S81@?.;V(8T&F;\B?+]
%07LHU/-53+!$#8&



#VUR/_VB7J$/\YOP-VK=^O-B^E\1FQS]I=#;


WS6O<-._F\O?N6CGMT2+\$E^?G
H&ORK*%_XGMG&#
MI7-)@2<G/$_3G[DZG^K#66A=#(OR'88AY5=+LW%;823`Q'3GU^.EB\T_)?Y+
MB166JXB@.;EIW_WI].J2FCC4ZK&&EGY2#+*G:CE(4H5%GPA0NK*`,5CF04^H
M`=@K(X)
/GO0H5*#`TT_#//6&&46CVA@0%!(DK#]6N!!.KVJ5Q0
)Q\*4BQ

M?7+2&RR*LZEP-%P



L%&\1RSA`DS8SZ=`@0H#U^V2HGY!C7^MB2
M^3#36[KA7I(SRP0E8#4V00*HMLCD/!+;CEEZ*C(*D/_^4=`4PW/Z

M#)A?Z?L8M[-YK_Q*^B2N;+VA`5Y(4[=WI@%+=S6EGO%!3O$WE_3E59*4


BVAFD

M2

M%5FJ)\OW



M%)TNA]AWC[@?:-`1/BWZXY1#M*/B\FG5#EMUB1S549+!LOKI+GCU1C!85%A%

G/



M]_]HZY^7)!+3DY0$270#=I@1%98OWMFBPK&(J06'#W(!2U6?.W\UVSQAH5



M

M

MHJ*[4DNJQ`7_A.9
]$3;W=T3_VM7!-@D)WG$_W8J/O_PFPJJ+8'G9$$/AC.7


'PCV]


M:B%5%(
*FG
MPHYESU0?9J/KXZN)M%)%QH4E;/)R!T&W2




MCML=.&YOX#BL_O$F396;:R^K01IZE,,G''HG1V

?1:-E;?BQE*

.+[:D3'`JI_9&'X
M:OUO*5^=AQ&R+QU#&HWOC0=R:-$N7^'QJFVA-<3!%4G
'=_X/&W&JUD_Z*]


*`@GO17%MB!&1B

M9KG+'IP)94$DJ#-I?

I/
M

P%W



0

M+#'2Q[3B0
FG$%`9]]YK
M@\F^:4^V(BSP]EE#-&4[(+#_*(4'-T:*9;MS07W+_WS[2%[K4BNRQ1)2H&N
M#A]4K
3ELP#B%@;@`PY=Q-5ME_)9'K]
'^@E&Y008!:?.%K.XGYT8O=6YX\A

M%X

6D.7E$[(T)6S%%#OC;)S*QA1295GYLPL\J-L[
M2T?ZE\7BYOO_$P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.07_1Y#```%'H```T`
M``!X;]S='EL97




M[UM^O--6X3Z(9[J1']*2;]ZM9_JEKB4B+\(U@/C#S_LP_O9WR9]7?WKUJO^?

M/%@MD_W3$9DX7J-Z7J?HC^/%I*B62QJO0[\XT.$IO');$3[1_7*F6Q;DD$&_




K1

T)8W56!$
`



UK!
E)W-&I@P1TR.W5Q[SB:&




F0LSAN(RDA&B
E(!@C*


N:]/O)XJ@HGVJ!/@1CSD.@HPYU&?MD
:


0.#$8O5


MI8
4_B;)?Q!3\+Z.(4_K#L=-2+H12E_<YA_C+]`:_6


(7`T^8TQ02W`54A$&
MP*







MKM)$UE%GV=;@H
/3%Q\:




7[MRGHWPF5PE)`CTAD
MPA?B$N4V&O+:-06U.[?76=;E'0;KC`@

S=#?&(GNV45+VPD`N%U



M&)V0X9


E$A4WXD/W



-?;1^Y
_V_M_/Q].VM95Q
^O/)A3ET1A?3



M;O0`KMTGR9;AZT#^A7V2$JR&,M+T@8;UM6'1)_?/_?XR-U]=J#B*%#(B3E

0^']

M('M[




R[6ZU4:V[^`+]



&0


MD$9$HEOD!WP'0SAG$E)R-QOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&
MNXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C

$5Q]1%0YG$#?7O,TD4FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^






Y6&`(LU
M)RO_6@/

+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$
MXR
T8C-Q@

MHEDF6[@I2+D
YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@



MVF#2I*QIT]9)6RW;K^XT\WYGCVENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2
MU.#9DRD*0Y/L(&

25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-
MTJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`!WV?##D&``!.'P``&0```'AL+W=O







M\7XU!






2RJC[5M9Y:?_!
0:*2&B-2+PMQ%AYMC03'OZ$16]43'N*MI8
MFYK
M#[0%^BUN&0:SJCV6-FJ`^(3$1PZE@[294\/Q7Y^P@2&&Z_O1\.+`Y
M`^%KE$5
;G'_5=@AWESE*Y=9*##T(*(EY
KW9\LPGR;?P=]MPRP%`]\WQK!M
MF5EU=9A



M2\$


-]&R9RF8
M_DO785R1A$





_8(BZ$L-V'C6(0+ZJJ$DHG4D(KE^;
[D3Z?!6F[0


M(/:)Y1`,]*2[YS#(F(P032+/\T`PR4_7

M!#02TDA$(VL:B6ED

M.J7%:[I*C\=RM


6A/^5*;+WMU




-0;

M)ZE^W/873


5BTUC8;4G4)K:UZ]




:GD-

XB=4D


M@%]6K)



Z'G



MY4+PG06'!O:4'=9'T)N#\R$RPS'$^EZH$*
VN=
N&8+3#E%(*
_S
@[=A?





O







T-S[C[A'V'!O

SK8\1FG5\QNCUPO'&@K!A_=8$U')52-\:
59T
M.$1

M!6!.GCN





M;6+;F[BVA9N

M9\OG;4
9VE3@^\V;HJSG[AY.Z&N2


&0;:B3K










M/#L1YV%K89SR]L#S(O*PM4ZK`L]6Q;S?%4VD#
]`/VW2IW5%/Q08UI`4]3EE

M7?LU/D0[6QC


JM^1A*!CX[!F)V**$CQ(!


V4X2O@H$:!$

Q
MCB23R-!Y=DRYFE!8IK.C[/3$HHO##6S`^_V'Y4@;4Z^%KIVWG
O^G!N['8&D
MK:

M



#O:_
EZU4=%^#
M[Z=@0=D+=_]R1M\(IJ26A?&`CKA$SSVOR9H`TW:3W!@RXX4+S*\]*;-2;;
M35^?WX(?]<DSTI4\?E8B_RI:#L6&-MD&[*5\L-#[W(9@,3E;?=<WX+M.2_H
MH38_Y/$+%V5EH-LQ&+*^TOSYEFL&!04:+XPM$Y
U)`!7U`B[
Z`@]*F_'T5N
&0O.
%S'Y
\-.LSB

6##T`6V](.]`



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM;*R96V^K
M.!#'WU?:[X!X/R%<<D-)CIH0;MJ55JNSN\^4.`EJ!'0V[<_8VP3V]-#4VE?

S\^=M


EL&O[\E1'0Y%3H(J?R[)I65):G+.



]13#80J/#[@G\51M[
M

M`ST^$*Y\(/AR(!YNJ;M;N/)XQQTY\XD]F=+;'1@YY2/ARD=.1S-[O'!GP^-F





MA$B

M(A$B
2()(JE
%%W@=:CH
FQ^&JW6SHC7M9+=^W+2(#(#I$0D0B1&)$$D50F
M2J'0PB%LB9B1/NL]E3D3YL*'A[L7A\(X$*SP%H(FD2MGY$):SQI/[!%).#$





$,`O,'SW\`(?`?-IX/7\<_X!,?OJI^P*<^
M?+,#;O5WH?%U^Q(_LSJ8W%IC#
Y@(CCKIVJV7$S^]#ROO6Q:N&8N&MA3_!O

MC=AW4.A^+($''1RV)]K$^1P;L[O7:IFV%6V9#DD]/?/VFT44@











?

N_L]8=_Q_O'


!




22`K)

MI:2
E)



MDPI22:I(-:DAM:2.UO2B3?=X(+$#\VC2OQ`:GF#XA4H(:6DC)23E))JD@U

MU:2&U)(Z4J]()WY9U[EBUVE)+6]VG8Q*2DI(^6D@E22*E)-:D@MJ2/UBG26
M39^W8'D/;:%:WK93E*/$W'5N_!N4JREJ/GJ#$D:EI(R4DPI22:I(-:DAM:2.
MUO2B3?=X(+$#\VC2CSZR=T*%)

M6?[YT_*A8U0%L$VD/K#[=S=74]2\\D$)HU)21LI)!:DD5:2:U)!:4D?J%:F:


M+7FGY?Z]SCEJ6MZDA)22
E).*D@EJ2+5I(;4DCI2KT@G?EG7N6;7:4DM;W:=
MC$I(*2DCY:25)(J4DUJ2VI(_6*=)9-Z_=+#NSKH8ET#^R6I`#N*8U_&W2.
MFE?^
)=3N811*2DCY:25)(J4DUJ2VI(_6*=$U





MQ8S$VQ9S3NG.1JDL(RIA5$K*2#FI()6DBE23&E)+ZDB](IUET_JYI^4_O_*'


M+9F[P/
*V'JW:(LY:OR)):DBU:2&U)(Z4J](U\-O7?UZ_./P[7OUD*^/305A




M/M\NO

:2KE


W



Q2LUU.9_UZO?N
MM^$O?.]LQR\&\HKLG0WO;)0JLIWK!T6VTU\=3R:NUMNKZ_DM':^II6IN_2Y-

M/
_UW8*;-LE/1?3_.;&\L(V7NQ\
I-?E7?BOK,#U5H8!IIO
UOA6FQ4='W
M3RS5W'HM2
J9@

0]1#L6,2D@I*2/EI()4DBI236I(+:DC]8ITEDV/X7Y&'J^^
M_\Q3NYM3^.<$UOR#NQ^;SA'S2M_F

MNB:F!7)K\H.5/W1
[GG+Y4!._G:DF)204E)&RDD%J215I)K4D%I21^H5Z2R;

_+&Y0P*B5EI)Q4D$I21:I)#:DE


L


MI()4DBI236I(+:DC]8IT34R'^?(/VZNA(74_;VIE3]$.10S*B&EI(R4DPI2
M2:I(-:DAM:2.UO263:-XH(L#WVERO+4:CK7UJ_]VY)74]2\O$$)HU)21LI)

:4DOJ
M2+TBG66_1_WY4QJVKU=3%^JN?/^FZ1PUK_QIX$@)HU)21LI)!:DD5:2:U)!:





MI%Z1SK+?JSY_U_J:#:DE_3TP_QO]NSEJ7MZV(9V_09`P*B5EI)Q4D$I21:I)



M)_L&XB3M
$D[3-(.D[3#).TP23M
T@Z3M



MATG:89)VU[RT^XVPZ13

M3DH$DQ+!I$0P*1%
2@23$L&D1#`I$4Q*!)





PQM
MD?3*=:[`EBL9(U]\6V1,?)EC=`6R;I\FRPY5J2+G?`0ULDY7(?-K1%$B[W
M#@-;KF2
?





MLQRUGTY)\?/?FV\VG?7/S\.GNZ^/)E_U'.3T_
M/SZW[N'ND[G8

M^^OP\

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!L;3B/RP(``#X(```8


MC=+;*


M#O66(S?QA8KE@M#8T^J%)]^M?3L33%7L$VL:C7*YMYTXA@8U1(=;8AO;=7@9






M390B)4=*ON5MJ55JN]/)O$`:M)'-FFM'^_
\ZEN8KP@F`X/L=G)C.9S?U;

M11\Y-PXPI-IWC\9D:\_3P9$G3$]DQE/X)Y(J809^JH.G


AHT@$_%$&IX2G)B=1/&8&[J^/(M
E6Q*


J#8






M_P


?_[IZ;VJOS2'HF@7$.'<





M/S_5U?LJ@:NV5QR78/B$2)?5X8\;FL=6BJL40?YJ*-L/AW6$4#^?GZ+*+X

MF*A+YT.D$G\=4$1&$*%:!\E:W2$')2Y2TZ7F8(V'$^E/HD)&/NW^)A=Q`1
MVT*X@&
(PC&B'


MZ'53QQARA.5
!Z-4.$JZJRE4M$TQ;GS(]QT328DDLX-X0@-Y6$
N'I1
`4

J8F8)Q0Q1C?AA[[5I
MX1@`J#FVQ$LT$5/YTT3HTIV9+!6O-@`9D

M(F:#+!4(PFL+/XE\FSHCGHN0T


)!^*A]SBO&!HC=A/7ILF*4&


#



GZ
M_GIZ^W9HUKZ].UH#0G8R\2

M@V0






]9OA'@`R5W7R!]9@JI`;G\




/5SC5PCP0UM=NM?P+U4+K_Z[


M





M2_\*-[.SW9NQ`=\-*:'BN];]T








MYGWU
;


M_[


M7MPO[FVD;U^?UO8.7+??;%?/#Y._)5]


M73_]??V^LKUM=7(*?-]L?G6H?G+_RUY\?W*UZ!3XY_;F:?6\_.UU_Z_-3[5:

MG_8O#Y.LOMFTRRQ^,WWU6XOUB[DY.;QM]U^\_8_#R4AE`^2AB#V9PB2YG=)
M/BVOB)&%&/;GH2'IU0W)0Q#;]&.0/UF\VMNIPQ1[
_#[61WLV2ZR&:7]\DL





MPB13RJ@Q)J&

M9=G=D6AY?6P/)G:_VAYX\OMK.GK8.*WD!##.HJRS)CL






I$!&MLB`B7S0IW

M0'FPA%R1OOC\#HZ1%B

6(P(C$B



-*%U:-63D[G2Z$6)QLL$T(
M$97$QX@@@C8DG18%RQ
E(9+I+$W9$%.X)1HC9@0YNWXY5WF%(MZ$4D583E\E



MS[%?J#;.=WY&V]7J39LY:X2#X7;[1HQ:$:8.#'?VR%-!-1L
6(P(C$B
*(

9689-_L!BO1KC9$&(RU&!$9D0`X[SG!$=^-$X1@:(R92

MEZ5/K&FINXQ/&F[]`Q3I]QHC38]TCU[03F_[PN.I$
L$!48D1A1&-$9
%*&Z


M5R4P(C&B

M)K/I+

JJLKG#@RD0,`_O%?%:H*O@``$=I`Q)2JGFZ

M-$9

I;X
DC2SM








MD1A1&-$8

-!AI
2(P(@/B%][3-$+A$!HCYGPM

*(QHC)@H
M0B6YSNCG(T;_Y'T(`?(]E=@/_]A)0!V`R!QJ


MQ8C`B



MT


9NL8D5



A^-SSKV^K&Z?



SI&+R^914\6I([


M

+([M^..RD@8'47];P_6%P
]_^_ACM__U\+39'_(PNOAT^73\?BVO+HZ



OV_O][K![/'X@






JAC4

M6@&D!%(!J8$X(`V0-B3&=UILWN$[2UO?/9DM3C/)D@!I`12`:F!.`-D#8D

M'OBB@2U8YSV9LY53'9%/H_E?U/IA4'@RI?(E4)M9M?(DI/E2`:F!.`-D-:3
MK+L@$R(NJ!&&17'$J5?=F]=E

M6[1;T.3B$B+*+D%3-M2GU]SFR4JD\F[')66HV*(;?5+



MC
C(D/
UK`F#1V;&\2B8)8H



./F


S2CZC5:&2LT72-R@GAM^O/D;41J.'E;8]Z&
ME4O5


MK9&R/M
=-#YS
N79-1_3CKC/FM%*YU&43O&I4.ZE3+4CB%;*_L[A2B=2PY4U
MFJ\1.46#/38J-=ACJU)82_*I/$1WGIUQYM9IVN@*BJ(;GY2(5!A=17W]5RH*

$L



M8H]2-2*'J$%;K9&RLP[7IZ'/Y\\ZOK(U\[!'W-MI'I[.XL


(Y5T

M#J;3+%5)GS7`.DV[I`N*(AL?H8A4&%E%_:`H%?6#HE+4#^D:D5/4VVH4]8.U


KIQ*/$\!6KV5M





MG3PRZ02HG'EDT@FD:I$*;#E$#=IJC93UF4O3T&=.)WKK8?P$=N:+6N.^1S:;
MYO'67!1--HFMD6P2\X/WMT+S-2*G5S_88R-2O/

M=$TR.33!Z99`)4SCTR
MR012M4@%MARB!FVU1LKZ'!?*7=%X2X-BQ'FLF/G]/UI]HE2*SX5$*MPX**)<
M&9J<O/F%WY+-I_@`B-H)MA:(G*+!WAJ5HIO07Q-4CJ%&Y`YS:$FESBN9VW)

M+E_DFM'ED1E=4`H7_*(:!2L8)*4@
[I`JD9%AZA!6ZV1LJ.+Z[_09\X?M#C
M_)?+Z!4R=L?$0:I=&AGW)S.XT

!\AT'ATV57I=



M](SDG]OQQ9Z`)'N3VI$TT.'=']2+:MI3OZD[G9!+46RI:26,MESW61/REK



M965T

MV%9@*9.9?[]%-;N;Q:?721N9BWC\L$BI7I;8;]
MOOOK'T^/)[]O7O;;W?/[

G^Y/#W9'VZ?[V\?=\^;]Z=_;O:G?_WPO__S




=?


MGN(

M^O[/:K._$T5EF+/I(HYTMWN4-R#_GCQM8VF((K=_'']^W]X?'MZ?3E=GT\O%
M9+&4^)-/F_W!;..8IR=WW_:'W=/_-U&3-%8SRC2-(C_3*+/EV6)U
9N
&&26




M_RY5=Y=B;A@ST1'K-B*66!RV*D%=`E
6P)7`E^D(%SD:731BKQ5V@3AXG:


M3:4NI%
)I`8Q(!;$@7B0D!.EDJRE2J7A:TR[K



M=

MUK?9W
3KOBBCIAZH8E1-9(@LD2/R1$$AG7


9(DODB#Q14$@K%


XY
M.J
_E.?\]@6A<5Y*CF3&Y#K0^\75O*R*+JJO
MJ!Z`F2(+)$C\D1!(:70=)QO/(9KWYA0=DU8$U5$-9$ALD2.R!
%A73.XWSC

M(D?DB8).N=HVG[)@C!M[%^^(145$6YD=A']571C)7I6#/*$%DB1^2)@D):

MR\1EN=_81W550503&2)+Y(@\45!(*S3.-\[H&Q-254'?R*B:R!!9(D?DB8)
M.N?2-[Z^
YH#A

X8SF
$U]4U4
MABI&U42&R!(Y(D\4%-(YE^8P+@AO^[OBC,8QH:(LREW%/JHOQI'1ADB2^2(


9(DODB#Q14$@I-!]G'(_A


M3Q04T@J-




?7EKF(?U4\]?2.C#)$E

M%!32
HRS@`M:P(34U
/O58RJB0R1)7)$GB@HI'

:*@D,YYG'%<T#@F5P(Y:YB']7.<T54$QDB2^2(/%%02
FP


%A;1$XTSEDJ8R(546R53VE5(Q


ZEJWS]-G-)ZYA0W-;LMYNO

1O5'(EU/*^(



MT6NEEK(9*+7H/

M8\E#-

?!?4(_*J5\^$:^YCS(YC3`I\W+E\UZ\_BX
M/[G;?8MG/:[B*MSAYB#*F^7E=72X
0J-=`R%ZWEJ=&A%M%:/IU#+:*U/%,XU):RP;
M0
M
^L@76(9:I(]\IV.H1;26;SX

M@SG4(GWDNX=#+:*U?$-OJ$6TEB^M#;3

4LKX&1)J*S
M'&\UU(Z-TX+RHC.<O@1^\@=OYQ;//0Z<J#QQ\$YBR\_
-)-G.0A'C].`_SC

MVE_BW1'@'_X#P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``F\[UW9```12@``!D`
'/\G5:



CNF-8R_.N27

GTY0M[?#2O=RMC-






8
9[[F-@9
25M)#C;9M8M.P3Q1(0
M)1(1)8((F*())@C_L9)+$PL!AA*EH+%NKC[4P&F*I-6E9(HA/D(`@(4$B
M@L0$250$L00;&V*I_P4VPJS;LB02:PY8L$L*/3



MR9U9X]PYXL*FH^1N:[ES(X@CY\@3B.IF.DOLYG






(Y
M
RVJYMQ(SF[KN6T3YH(6

MG8&


M2RLU/)5I-'Q(H4C&&NPQEE:#/28H/&;]HTN!I'UXD9OMK4!5;MJ.LY960\JM
13R*110

M*U*KD$(1A6(:*T%6F!XFSE5Z/E@Y7




M]U5]2


=M#

_U&+



9S[Q_*EC0[CQ0-HNKIBD:91/;4?K?WB0S28U
<HG1W?\R%PQA*O=
9F5&N!;
MQ7QO';=Y9WU#*M8BI@-CK'5B.T0P7QFLJ$.(AW$.DATD.H@TT$N`0ML&;V!
M^O@*;Y@

&=U!)$(D1B1!)$4D0R27B6*2^S4F
1FX&6$I




.R]V:6B1KR@24?
E[^^F_8^J%&.E!*
4HVQ`4#'21%U5/A^B^EFI
M5D&U?




HQ*
4HPRK)4K4:H7K'74O9A!7_&)

M76`\QEW_P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`K$ML
\_=03]=[OY<0S^?W5\V?^H#]O'?VS?-L`VG<\`U_V
M^Z^HVCPB!
9C95UU9^!?AZO'S=/JV^OIW_L?9K-]?CG!Z9Y!1!A8_OA7L3FN

MIVJ++D=7ZV_'TW[W/ZN4.%?6R=0Y@5_G)+U.II





G2



\]089$
5K;`;
K-RK
2$5LII%:(44BCD-8B27=`



L@'G.T79Y(5X(7O?*::Q7
MSL15T=)IP1'1/%TX




MD[=E[CFMLF&^0*?NDE
+L52R$$LE!97.D*62TJJ=5N#+:*C1OEJFQ6/&UC`L
YA+<GE370I7V76O(
M..A2
KGA+B13&`TG%GO9D-@+?**ZJ$T+L62R$$3@YW4%E:F%6#(IK=II!;Z
MAAKMJV5:/&;L#
.8

M*W=*G&'871

()=9LC(A21#=4&#A:9L

M(6/7&H;;:*3E2Z4B*.3-&7K(D%90=@1Y7RU!$49DR]U-\T.VT3+=?3N(Y]M4


.:NOA:W`^Y6


=KV
$0N)7)

6(-V93CH)`1!X6
M*
B0^Y`1IQ4R$AJR\IO*IKI_RNG4^9KF('9MD4WEM877.E];:*C44*6A6D-&
M0XV&6@9Q&F+=;S+D]CSN(8E5WD$B





-S.)U\P'9[;`WUW
MR&G!

V)J&

HC'C%WJ!V*V32V+
MV4(L9@454P65&JHT5&O(:*C14
L@'C-VA6'
715-YD
F9305D[*%1!G)O0UL

#--7SE49X0['$M%`P51?.
(!*!['$5(:U
M-C0::K2OEFEQ+K!%EEQ\
#%ME\T*U$(B


UI&6'2R8WDT0L9O@9$!^*)=A^UL-^TV&W.3QOEIO7







M.;[1HVU:D+1120$FL06ON




M!.V_:SP7X#S'UCP7V)XLO^!-_N@@L#^$84?*MM`Y]GFN`.T--^?Z(_@);Q



MD1JIJGIY7L

9\^9
S




M-^GDK*#[6G\7AR^

MN()A_

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
SN,TV<!'4($=WOY\RMFG;E:%I
M:5^:SDG5


M]);7Y?__[;\K6LGNHS(8T!#-=Z99Z;YN9;5IV=29'6H_)&KO#-


D6R@[:&?BK
@[D
MF#Y?FK_+UXCDIW
#TSV!BFAA_N%]1^H






M+-B?)$^X8]T3+


]6TZ$(Z





J(S
MTP[3$(\8X1'C02



A$?4Q8L0A:<28







M;








/SC





$

G
M=Y1A]\];_AUVG%V_FU^M9JL+\\0//.3%L*?\.S[D;'G^VFZ7PV[R[Y&O4=YK


2)K


M_NR?\@Z^'V+6C)GIB(V-
&]7
VSD0^Q#XD/J0^9#[D/A0^E#Y4/M0^-#ZT
W
M@3-)_E@!F7^_H@)F&%

A]*'PH?:A\

MQU+

M-WG'H''R0F)(`DDA&22'%)`24D%J2`-I(=U45)[E7$_E^8TGCF88+-M7.MWK

2O0_7F1YHNG*3
M(E)








MYQ'3N^]1ITO_?&A;]=*/^)CEU/Y':T%)
24DK*2#FI()6DBE23&E)+ZA3I

2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ2#6I
M(;6D3I$NT7'-LOF2F+_T#\VR9'9R6N1?KQUVG*SS$2DF):24E)%R4D$J216I


PB(W&Z68E)2DD9
M*2<5I))4D6I20VI)G2)=(M.Q3M\VKRQ.?8.KWAM#SZN/O[EX/D89;

M0DI)&2DG%:225)%J4D-J29TBE?B%WRP?3OP^7'=B`TV6FPTI(L6DA)22
E).






1:2!OYGM7`#<NRLU\=IV,
M2D@I*2/EI()4DBI236I(+:E3I&MR7-=IOK[A)WYH,=U7B3=#E#RJRS*B8D8E
MI)24D7)202I)%:DF-:26UG26?:[SK?/?#:DRZ&OE'GL&M*5?WG51;F:C#M:

MI)Q4D$I21:I)#:DE=8ITEH]K2

.[KI#4JX8TK*

I792M9
6Q:E+C=IP.[WTFWKHH.WRGQM)E.ZX7

MRG/AM8BYC7+/JQC(*X]WAEVZ*)N_BF/5I

M2&)#W-@I*;.D.M]+;]G,;90;JR5E@Z.5=DH-U9-:BP=3$-KH_XZ#9T-V3^<




M-VX&+<<




E).*D@EJ2+5I(;4

24DK*2#FI()6DBE23

:4DOJ%.DL
X//)^<9=]KZ:.HMS;^%9VZA#1P47XTHT#.X.



M!Y?^822WSD=N-_NFBDD)*25EI)Q4D$I21:I)#:DE=8ITB8YKEB_9+`_D+?W^
MY](NRF8Y(L6DA)22


M5)!*4D6J20VI)76*=$U^42M\%6B%EPOOD+NV48?.AUR
*Q%;848EI)24D7)2


M4D-J29TBG66_%7[S^=`5N^2!]%'AVK\J[*+L-(](
2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ2#6I

8Y8E1
2D@I*2/EI()4DBI236I(+:E3I+/\R[KD*W;)`WE'




\.V=W;
T[4O@7D2=AX]LA8%*D
M_B$F!98BP:1(

T@Z3M

D[3!).TS2#I.TPR3M
$D[3-(^-2_M

F)F\`F*0=)FF'

\Z9N?L






M)_@





VET!:9(?)W@D);9(;T)VM^=A:RC]R_/+#/0O:1^PJ'MDBNY6^!AK9(
MKN7V4Z$MDAWY`XNA+9)KN9





;0^'(3^AMSUWEF
M5NX

M971S+W-H965T

G4KNHV:9.F:1_/


EEHF06^

M



MT`8FM.8?$#\.J]A-IB@@5G6$L@0

.B&D^-8$U=
M%]=$%K!/7B9#!MJXG$*%8)NJC`1Z_S67Q\K.BUMN068KF-KK:Q3'V11EI%FV



$EV$.]P`?&WH0
M0E4/\/;UZNOU_A\```#__P

``*(/```9



+CDOM$U2\8QIF+\ZBU+=LN7)F'0YJYXOY9=$

]0.62&G-O



M




=RC^LF



MG&:E'IO80`T_=B(SJB/(9Q%T/B`(.[SEN)^PU7[0
B1:ASRKY+$(&L/D/N'H


MNJ-I\!`!-QQG`XQ_.YF1'1K?.8)VSQ'V1F1O##FO3OP7GF4J2.0%;SL4[@!-





O/OMV5)
[MF)P**7).#MNVI^_I*^Y5CONOB)WW)Z_O;W^L<N.KR3QF![2


F[[GQ?R-_R=YGYW2_2D\)19OR
M)#+PF&7?A.E\+Q`YM\$[*#

7&E?\/.5'G_KF5^U)K6PL
.]*D<W;J35QHX4'[TJ6_XI8[1[H;2I_Z?OV6.^PY
MO<]


M^$)




#0D9D
M0
?N08

@
2`AD#F0!9`ED!60-)`*R`1*;Q(HSE;-6






)$#M&:)0(ZN0'[`%





ME\BS]D$XP!`_6(C`U\_0$T131`&B&:(0T1S1`M$2T0K1&E&$:(


MVAO

MM6I@:5N=I-M=Z&2]I7[I.*X4L?NL$$LW+ZN5E9ENC:P!WW6\E9D!JSHK26

70IU-3M(^&/AUY(I^

M;B!`$HH``!````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````)R104_#


S7!:'%
MC
[+UPJ?6N-]-@'U*/!OX@G`!N^??\Z^````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`



DXM?NIIK(J,[A2K)J#M/%)M_LUAJ4%
MF4-^5&X=1K7'LX7]J--<,<?/W$]6)1).DXNR%)Q1BU&FOSG3RJC=D9+!B*)



T05Y+;$

VL

MS)3(L9.1$=)%T!5@G#S



M````````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

M8[FGP0
``/H
```/`````````````````)\*``!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`U$YFG_H'``O(@``&`````````````````-#@``


T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
M(0!MJN

AH``!D`````




Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`!`Z
*V`(``)
(


``*L*```9````````````





M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#K#Y:&%P


M?+=4```E



M:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`EUDO_G0``!!!@``

M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!`093E\P(``$X(```9`````````````````&S?``!X



M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`9U#WT8@
``+P*```9````````````````






M971S+W-H965T



RYX;6Q02P$
M+0`4``8`````$`X?P#%


M`$4H```9`````````````````



BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`
MK$ML

M:&5E=#(Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`0I]YEVP(``#H(```9````````








``*X*```0````````````````

`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        

000

800
        


        
        
        
        


        

935
386
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014

				 2014
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        

639
327

639
327
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

888
889

888
889
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        

388
537

388
537
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        

677
060

677
060
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        

				05
				 2014

				05
				 2014
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        

988
570

988
570
        


        
        
        
        


        

250

250
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        

840
961

840
961
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

800

800
        


        

185
380

185
380
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

077

077
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014

				 2014
        


        
        
        
        


        

846
154

846
154
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000
        


        

835

835
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014

				 2014
        


        
        
        
        


        

077

077
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

500

500
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014

				 2014
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

334

334
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001493152-14-001150-xbrl.zip


[N``4&M$3;W
J22TI)O)_^'E(/2X[LR&YL



NPX[1;]C
MRQ._.%?4(@QUG?'$(BZ!&WY/)^AP7\.H7L_0[._$-AWV]?XZ:G;DNI.3@X.G

M%2-\A.Z8




M3K.IO3N8?WG6W4%J?T%O$QS8Z90(2W&_3!C(.HBN#/??J*E\,=`'J\*J;'K
M0FIL4DA7$9?&NZZ^PLJD`HS!4!Z\.,G;EV;T7KT&
GKV4D'-XYTWEW(C)








MI*)(0:)(P2$T%WSB7OC6KE+

MH2!3C-B31\ZA=%\

M)2`ID.T4R'(.5PHMNXJ6O(/9/7$QM8EYB9E-[6&U
)+.O`I060*4`D[NP
DY

H!2



MJE]*.3HZ5EBJ9/JB_$K1L%,]6U!ATXB^.JU%T+5(XO2QY3[IF=W833CN4Q

19K;F!:+&046^$

;.I/:P6G-*9+[G+:=:U3ET[


M?
.AT&VP:_*:.3:CYI!\M)S^KH^`3$)//I

F(
M&)7:%2JURUOU*K6KIN)5:E=5Q:O4KJS*7^W45A7U5;WXY[YYKMCLAK^AZ5


(C;`

@M!
$2$CHKT6

U6(Y
M*]
LD&D63*S$Y:.ZHWFCIEC\GBH]@A-9LZADKT4:E/-K[V=?FB?:XQ/QR4

).835Y!Z9N/*'

APK9*^@@[P+:

MBKLRZF\-UXGD?449=Q7JMXWZ%72@4/_VJ+^A-E&@SQ7T2U6@

M$CM6`$K(65]'SOH6Y'Q8UQKA.@__^G!6._#ZG/SPA'6);1XE\1A)IAZFD[G#


%MZ$`4P#`O'`;G4V[C6:X


MQC8')HYY/`I/Y=/%H5

M:`G+58M+%@4J417P)%#/ICYJOO8N7NA^3##W&/E`N7/8T(].X)FPL?!6L@O1


;;@/10UCT02@^UIG(1$

]<W5WH?CQI%VU#YJ)E2]I+.0

MS`6__#CR^SKSW)'#Z'^(F2T@+J!0UX+_%M$XW]O/T[9:_%M`=S-GLE\#Q4)Q

\OEGLZ0=R=6N3]WABS(;5/D#9Q]WX9
MNJ?BYL%$7OU%;P9_XB\





@2N'`=A!$G[)$:!$V8(ZJF



MHXB*&9:6^*)66WLS(+7C2)(DY(:F7?!%^I+THPDQK0W_/]JD
PKZ\D2.`K?A


WC(5)MO-KA!P)7

/G_N^I3<4V,D'OR!<G8

+L;20&BZ`U6-N4-LCLY\!FC?D$9L8


LP8L_/`H)$#0#;`%`ZB0

?L(*P2VP`_)3!;9V3H66)E
MMFA]B&WZ'QQRU'?




A4&&5FC5*H_[2JP?$$
?]-.4P\&$@'`Q1`CC&7PFF-1



MY7%IWR(18KNKK7%J%9#)U



MD




X!5@@E/E:K9L
M=`[LD#WX9-%



MY)-C3=$JZ`5H'S2%@6G.F$\FJ#D


2RQ)/X.@@=/FV3`M'+(5
M+20?F*9!




53!'*SU'5I0A%-X:#
M\5
5V4+5L--&&242ATICIV*1NIR=HL0AY2!)0R)&N+1@WA]&5JU)(2)@HC2B

MMERG.G+)QM0C@B1*/RK*(J6E'G$M1+:RU#/UZ$U+E9R)2`3


ML7^



MD(G8C_82-VW*D908LO^QGB3S.5K


M*%(*CT)N5/`6H




R#0.B=ZKV!RUWPVR#$3)E._9N2D$&%XBC@


MJ9&YO!=^&I;^;FHFEJ9
MS-JG&K
?U45K;Z&[U.&H:E:H9F=NHU(V*F4=2?



#B'%47^C8KM%]+5J-''/]A6=\1

.D&4PT:1
U-:A)
MS)0!C%/Y$=&(!702.]9)L+KAE
V
\2X4X<C3^ER#28E;+MNE

9TEA+
MV8RZ9L2



M@/5HVE69Q1M]LA;Z9+
X.T+%C\S]:OQUC8YHXB0.'R?Q]P!T0&U=FD].T^D/








G(':





M!#W'

G1?BDV^H/2LJ0JH9-&EWB
M^`_

M*(VG3@`HU/?





%0O#9\=$+2LJ<I[`_`P`!I/S,08<S@4('0SG
MJ%#+RJQN[5%!?=S[TJ6+`EVQ2!$\SF=JD=9F(IP+*^#W+C

MXSB..!4\^7MY7GCID?G8E0*_P

M(H!91!'FL+


$H%4:O4

699)5'M+4\(A0U6($YC`4`&H]\J]..

MP'


M;W4ZNK!4\]9KJM[J=N1:1.2`D+AAU?8?Z8#KRT6*A'%\@@[H902:6W%9:ENW

232S*2$
M?/['PIA\







M(ABD(E1DLD_4+(/1U7YKL-[!8MJAI?%.-CX'54V8:6&X^V9;K=P#(*2.8[,
MV:*A&)F!N4SK=?4V/!P



ME3/#AD5CH3#Q135`5&DBTXKAWLDN+'!_0P/L\GW@)(3I5[N.BP/P/XSGIM

3=4P
M5XIZ3@I75%^.9!4_E(S(

Z=C%RFN`P4=-)7PG`!R09F*&/'^2893K3V8']$



P7Z)YGLJV9X&V<5WYDY,#\T2YB0=
MKE*7T=I;93HA@GJ=:OHLWD@R/SP,4ER^Q;94_9M6=O?7)K)=VY:?NQ\N^QD]
M[V+5!Y^2Q,/&NJP5\*LX3Z.R$*OFLV,Z7PM7,MV%=)%U[P@I=PT_DEI*W`=


D=_.2E:XG



MZV;/I.T93/M%ZYO!:QO:!NP`&)RRMJFJ`8$BRI[QR





MFQYL=H';%W




^6G``VA7^9R86G`YJ'_<@KA@H-Y14%6E38W*6+

;GQ
B+;
<--(+PLK`<@8=_($MXE'

M?P8.U9S%5#:/=S6@^N?\O!46
W@75/3E5P/;&6


MA

M

]((^.UNH(%BO.WF\6^



%#=SQ$OTJ7B`@X@4/S[4(

MF*3\TY8


MVDZX0






M^8HD]I@G+NSRIDKYCAKL3!DJ0.B3Y/S[NEKT;2)7?3M)UGJ+[EYAOR?)%IJ



PB[E
M;5!=)=VJ1BU04B)%\2,OI5R?`5JV6V9RU7JDEY(X[HJI


M!

M?!22MW[&FW

M*NOK6E5



M>Q'U7Z*:_%-1SP+%O




M#[\E*

M@$@4TIQ(M;EA(TV

$%!99K$3'3CAUTU
M=IQORB)P%XZWS^+T);K8]K

4^/O+S;5R

O#C


MX3-B




\DT*&

M:R8TAY8(J1&^`MZ=1)3:7Z[3'Q9


H53!)0MR^2W2=@8V#R5%@JO

B`U'8#)1RHV9LBCV7



%PL+``GOL^)V*

W4\-;/N.]V/NE#-A:GA&G&`IADY4YNF,!%4O(/R:
M[NWY8KG(3_8P^G]-,%<!M5+X#7SCNQ`GBP`--W$/E57=L-]IGZ@)UY@D7#
M*S[F`X[9DGQD_-X1=K)K80@(7@'I8H?=8A[IJB=UK)-;C[YR@S.ZR-#P+YP'




XP5;8DEQX;R



,MT2[<&DL

2%?`IRNL!YB`\0!WR]/C31JK3GUV4RFXD-SM7M4*<6`:((2G@P
MD





N*'1$M?<4'!!+GD81XG`GB1NXN_OCZ\/\H:2&0*A.I6-`J?3'XDA^(<PVX
M;`EM(=SYTN?[$QO:2\[ZT)&#Z34_:6WACND
]#37SKK@2((BX;M9HDKDG(OT




M62_






X9%+#N0.PG^#!V]3FO^'+\V?

E+X4G^W74\+Q%W-/)N9E*LD1+`._3#U_OS



6BA)A\/8XX8U3H<UP6?YZ0![HJ=V

??94.T*U2I\:

M;7

HQ/0/PPH8B$1Z


:V


=RTNCXX%'AJ+@VM*X?K;07@+6:OLJF'BK=L9RI^B5V%3].&
MB8M1UER[P)1R^=E`L_:@:IARAIS<I$3DI80*5$['3)N5L'MMFL#;Y:/;WF3


C
M+[PU.CAV2M
YR


M_9[O:K4Y_?2`V(0NW-%T2L7[#.O6

MEN4MC`E@@NQ`?R^


IIME/O19H
MB[P=`?U


M5QU&R


?&WY`O7&FAI@*5IJW:H'Q[]G%^U:
MN&K8.:5[L^A.-6,&M2?&:7A7,S*+)9M$3:@A#OP@M1XR9XH7S&;FQ,0<4P&[
MZ*\5OL<1B)ICQ=WB8')LJ#/#=E8&&5/@I.*
[9$NS;OE#H+NFBKLK`9T#1R
MUD@]JA#?J'D5M[#PMCM





H
:31






MR00X0/Q3!8M-*:

2!_][NB_U*7X_?M'9ZC^MX&:)&OVF


0VTUM#C+GJ
F/D#Z79Y%(Q$R`=/LHL
M`4YJQ-E*R%EGH-5<Q5P7Z::W!IUV:]A3$R#EB7K+J0$V@5+'%RA5B\&:E6Q

6GIL0A-Z6?




!
MBX[I(*_O`<GS1O7<;1MBEKW-P=0]I2MS(`II00%A!TY]3Z!@NA7+'4ZSDCG

MRPQ\$NVM^8)&40
OH(`9@659D3-E$\=_0D,L#!Q4/_%45YI;6?`!P)I?UEE
M^VI/F;UQ4
(L(1)-PIFX`S4/FUKV;;/%8OGF&$U2&Z59
_
2C%K\FJ2(6(1

M[;8T2




MTE`;*=C#+13LS46MRE.PAZ&O

J]J.:49=


V[ML%W$LG)Y`5](ZU-
N(.@YECFMA8]N



WL'*XU
M#SCL`]#MD^5
OOWV?_\/0OZ7\-E+PW3_0)OEY_B6\X49'IKP;^P[M.6CJ?J3


M;IVC+^DK^L((W7&TX4JZRS:

40II



$%XM%\#[:NS3:W4[PYHL8WF##6I$XY/VVRM6

M
B4C\I@J;HNF*4`+^U&*+]^


M-WR&[;N'K;8.__9Z.Y$&8_3/(CO&65BTYLKV?#?`X



&L2S%H.F#M]56T?%N04
O_[C/B%

M3.T29OQS+\+L/AA[[
\`!KAXAO_)@5&GW3XP/BD[)





M7ORZJJ-HN^(('`W_].N





>1WJM(?$N67P(1/
MRBT%V


*



M4L#HIZ'U.JPU^[\Y4-=D:R4JY,0)LO#UMZF%!EUA1Q-10OF
_18(!1DT^&




#!8*@V&Y.)&\#PU'V)X`#]PHC8
MA:ZWTI\+8
N)N;#@[4=F


M!04Z_5]_'XUNI8'#'P:__G*J`*`$20CLDP'7[*E#4QBRY5&9F1Z6\`WMDJFQ


R?8#90

\U-GT'FXW
M[NZX+B6SI0^^#


M&^#ZO?:@JZKE`Z?FN3^KPUYU4V]Y)'1T7:U@L9:!0G


Z?+?+976F.'097+2U&699M<X8?P<P<IG#

2U='7
MI



C*JYC6;1NW.M=J?V]&%[((G/N$]
&D*[YRN/N@
!_H!:0-#
M7'Q'LSC[Q&RVO7:T23DL
%L.*FZ:[9KY)8O;929.S%!X^MT99;?YU]7[WLH%

/-G-Q`1$4DGM&/!H.5PS%`-EVEUABT`V'5[4)4D
M7E;[TG'OF?ML3LJY\ZN](<5BK)EF2TA*T.:X@^0+\Y^<Z17L#\_'B(T[9ECF
M?]DTWD!P3UHXWI*!?5NM)-!N$5AJ`*'HCM)ZR4#;.J`PYJBJ9NZZ1SM(FV/





M[;/*OAAHFMZ78W3SSUXNW(6%8D\?M$N!&UZ9
#8E]VYTC7.!6[''PVH
\K:[




M8N-(6GY7U7ZP`H.G-AZY:6QN+K9DT`*NU4


!+WKO8W-#'$N;28'GW8








MH'V:
&QH




!G5@G(3CB

M\5,)X:):(]#\3$)G+\;=H-SM4AK;'6PN:(SR:2%.@%$#XJ#L99P:B80]N*
M^IK+O4-AQ27QJK5ZG`8YUH2Z+C(7TZ1#/$Z5$2P1_Q6[&(T9L\-%C\^A#1P&


M0KVYHOTR`Z[V`-QGQOG0PU9V
!T(2((55A$(!M@3N_O
F+=D
%Y


M6V(%JJ+SG]+8`OH6G

ML1O.XYQW
9MA\VV@NKAAA`PHK1Y!`H?CPF*\:Y]*TDZ%
\I%L0&\Q4]%;P&7

YW

M./#+S((UR(2KX=582MYC;TKB):TG


1R#=+WKA(H]


M\DO@E7TA[GTWL_OPTA?ZW].



%H8LE#@S_[\#`ELGM]'.J7*;ZZ_$PP04_UDR

W
M[UG/%^3[`F;`NQ29AR2P-@ST?LSA


O1U9WRQ^CS

-9


;3Y<Z<'<:
MDXF#`7DM)8Y\CXY[D''QY`
M

M_@\'_OH&6RQB.3KBO-`1%.XF.FPB;P@_Z'$B4LOI&(1WF#AWK#@477@!:$O1

;+-/P/NT*)2
M)`0541?&#A8HW/?@&JCE7B<'HN'X<*\B6N.UVXQF4U=QCB;THEKVHO`;U%H
M!'$'/RI=V$;^BZ.(B'%T5Y

B/=2M.?PZBOOLA;GO[G!G:=C7.2L]0\=IC@-

M


6JME

SK)



P`U.O9FG)OD1PC@QH)Z
*);A)7.`IPP60
MT(DSU.@^B1#Q2R$&\2$S31&F

JSR#5/J(3^\:%H7]ZBM-*;W.-
MT[`FO`
V-R3Q6U*L_:/-ERZ


M2B\&


MZE2W'4^.R/`D%:=EJ)^@I'T.RR4)=Z1C.8^OT74U8JI)W-1(K$ABCWGBPBYO
84]97E#!D]
MOZ3744L[<\`8]9I,5X3PQ51G^3I8Z43=ICR!8KBY^T'IPJH]B2TQ+^+!+4
M87C#-&$'PUQ?(+0R#L4MX&U572K?9@!<AKVX5)S25&2K*4N<X6S5=\PBS+
M6Q@H&3


M*V@\P!#NR03XS%AX[*
2?GH7`X2PN.%$(![)?A`2`50FWYG'3Z/3@=Z8AF_(
M))M0INBOE

**&8!2^














MH15




M0BU/'#6BPKL=DVNI+8H[1^M-SDO1:O4*/3#`!D^;2G?;*R*-3(!_%
/WHU

M

K]0W0=?C:]L!

M?Q'.?QI+*;F*6*2&K)
^!%P2FV6-
NDB(:[&AN7\IN7QYA4N0]$#3

M]Y$Z!E(3%FRZC3(H8G3JL_?

OR?(\

M5ULR;M+X


M[
\:R3$VQWM.1YWMS.^^28J#[R--H./!2^]S^@H7RWA+6`=73!M(59FF

AGY
M^N;A0NDF+A

:

MMSC^CE!Z02MU

)R/$._7W4(=23_O=D*HMZJ(4_TCCN$\.0;01V@*HF!S)R`6

EN(/J$-EJS\#/+NP*VW9
Y-LE0C.U6^
X(
QVA39I&/Q68S<\)MSFA%H!L;=?X:G@Z'T79(
ML<^33B[+KH0;QZ=5QQZ&/F!_*FWT\'Z'V],$78':D$AQHL-^\[)R`*%(F-N



M.YJ!3.$JHY`]ZW4'+@K#X]I^-'B0
KH2J*U4*[
/8S0KL*R%U/9!OS:P$XGA



.LO9$@@ZH$!A



M)N_*[T/SH_

*G
N;P0

JR?D_?VEJS!W/A%
M_TL1J8DP^L)A0WRT%4


MO19_M7`\_\3%;!Q/Y





M?MC^]U&S,T,[9,9*'1.-#WDJ]WB[K1!9ZCVBTBH913H8W1L8.4\'S7G/AB


M'Q&U-498:6J%SO&G6\O
R=Z7V[=!F[HKQ4S[_#)+U
;NG*W!*I#()1BX0D

MF(Y/;4A8WD[NG@X'/RX-R]G+0
/AX6DXWCSEN
B4#\R=J[OMX-]NM7\M$:82

W&5$&E^O`&
43WGQNW#LJJWAD+ML-



MUU
06VDRS-

H!C9T\^F


*$




M(]3DC48

M`KB*)Z#7X4K4+'.MECE%;E41HU?(])YMP;\@
[;YS*[LB3-G



M'6QJ@@;I






M&D=JXTC=GYU@58`JPE+0Y#C5&+$W0)I]&=?DZ`-Q.)Y8;`8`:K!%*A$X9P&H
M?G:4^P3*2

-



B
#


M')V89\Y=X5

M'K@4]H*:;U:(*3J;VN!

MT72A6N/G7MADY




M7'5DV&AOZZ19@\X1RNAUV!R?C%Z#S?')Z'7('*&
7H/.
=QLH
MQ&EU0&;=@7-TR*Q;F1=




44M%
'E1A3WU\Q8A3'U:+`Z-GE1A1GU
M\/*B`A-J]U1.?JSQ4AT74M683O53;4
804T6Z^CPJL9DVCT='/A&4HVY]/!X
M564J[9X.C^/D.D+
*C*1`F*#XUBRHT.L(N
H(#8\BA4[/L0J
XIVC^5664?4




MZ5A1*M




6^ODFV!I6VO.[8P7O$]
M`!

M


PNXYP+5


V02TS4`
KD23#3ENB

MX;X
Y89)2X%R5Y4KGNS:8PI^*E,.3/L:I'RE3W5RED+^'M(``8DN/B.FP1N
MO4^XVH6,+85UD&WF+2P(M'9O((G?C9,N0QD:J@3Q;OPGYI:Q6`,`2TI,3IMF
M6U*TF@`LK(8)/3EM6
[2U*U%%6ZUU9E@T#67+O`5)1:D=7.X-^?J!HWYV
M7@UKUQV^5IYLGJ$HIOUVO]
-+^G)X1

M0!.=







553^

M7ABK^MO(!P(Q!0YRHO23Z2G&8N&8MD_:\1?W5!%O**[02^F%-:MSN[(ZL%[/

MCQX`=PLC3LP%]XU.)BZ


M^5^8_^1




M;ABQDO!155$.-6
7=A*;
#^()6*V:RG4^F*V8QG4M8@=PXH=&UX[%C_-LH#K

M/@0131





GWK#B\^62&7[@


M-37MO7J0MO50J?H:5BL;N!WBUCK=/1(15#

M%ZOY&:D94[L6$*T&A(*[XD3OM7NAF[$@1/O`I@3ML20$STUO@K:B&SN'(ERX


Q7O
W









OE




T/WSS=G^X/SSZ^L<=

MUX?/A_F_C/Q]2*)O)_+''1+





4W6


CF\C0KN?NUDVMO1*`ML]8HSR(U2V`
M('3\&=D;I6ZO.9_:Q;VX[5MOUT'W5N8%N@'GJ*CTN@IVU^E\^5V;\D3NM?
M8BZ!3DC=/:*S.+LM'`#2SG@KJ67YZ1F64SET4MFHLX[X+SWPXW2*?:FB$C\W
MP@K;2M&^R^YE$4
6






8H/9FZE@P!S9`@8B
MLG




M'E;'(FJ66FF*=DPT]M=Y8-2:17?/




E66]DOPD/!4$GG'`3G^(%AGS181K45#()W#D@DLXY-+]
M^I/Y`R)
SF



MNYD('


*$BT

5QH1M?4


\5B%LW1B:G(#F0)^7QATY!*T5$`T7
\?V+6AX
`*C)Z

MN

4)C1=CYD9)/5*AM1,5,P(U7^_6^4I)O5-]Z=<Y'!BBZOI+;F/R)3X
M*(KS1(YX\#4-B5\&N,SL\'=V;RS]-3.JCMOU9^WZK!S2<0X%68:+^0MWV+$
VHIE-)XM7FT^[L1<QHTE&H7UZO

=.!O







DS2?


SC08AO1);G37!.VJAO:7@]L#HI
-M-;;39R^E*[D4#].I]A/
MKP!:^=L;$8`8'6NM.E#RGE6WNNR^ZGOE$YSPK_V]/
*&$#?8IY%/PBPQH6'U

3
Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D`
M`S6C35
R



M`IJ%Z21

M'X-/*$4DS##Y:_!+F

MX.1_?SM

&-?8K]^RTJ]X7^
WMWL


M
31^G\<ZB^O!/_45'-GMY9(V3QKQM
MO0IV#=$=A`GWX/4
H8RJX`@+6_S^94B8L3.4Q5&8&($12G9#QML:XLZG%].+
M1]ZE







$G

MO(Z9_3A.8S[9.F/_K.%&SQE*)VBR0
X5MLPK8#_FLF62RC8192U;^R2450

M1


MZL]QDG^-M5IT7]W_G!+\H/1GZ3LLM:#J8`;D58`)FWO_]&KT9H4EP11-?GJ5

MB
I:I:
Y^U%Q`;H9*Y%#?.R]&3`AMR


V/`F%




MR4P`:7*[#CU-

MI&



M@8_[L0@BR^;7D






MTZ)U%#]F^/@APR3)E\07TW(X8JA&VA5-4Q+K^?L6;(/W+QHN^-G1G-UIF&5
M9P/%PR3:V$#KVU0M&K00+YY61&[PYS`-[U%UT]N@99M]8)C,MS84K`%MPRV
,''O82!5J7J1AZ&CPFLI4EX#:Y
MV_1OI1'5GKH+K34]7P&Y`GM`BON+`HWOF=$TJU[]?I%P72EG


AUVHI(.@Y1[H&@$Q83B!1XY'.

QI6V-`9OM+
M=A$


MON4X0.5.CT4RSE'


8ZI@N*#_*Q&(C3YN)7PIZI+]
M)


)Z[2)GV3NHW?*E#(?T.#0D/P;:FC


M9^]X%:;W2#Y
58KX/3`U;!'T9^Z=K7P+KEK(S?#2=*3`T74[O!LZ3'WM\W!@



I


5H;9^]


M&T&2J99OF&M8V1(1+\PQ!3DH_J\*K&!*\!IL$06Y-6[MVF7VW3K[[:]*ME


M71L%2`7


MPSDAXOV:4DPFY3V+2O!@7[OARS\




M/V[U


=GM-B;`K$4]L#^ALX#WR.ON2_:GL


MG_`-Z.J.F^*U9Y6@OR08X`=YL!SO4

74Z023

M9+WZSRE]1%$\C=%$=7&$1

E78


/
J?K
N26

!E%VX0OK^G9)GQM$[[^

\Z/`^
M!\JV^5_[0QLHU['#QKO4L#VAS9,KD$'7=WG*-DEVQ_:&-E$SWH\UXS'#MD

\OFH/I


M)?TG1(P8)
)MS.8DC$D^WHY9PW]XY!ZD5S']_80@5.VA88)T-?A/G)DE(*%N

MS-45\9(F@`W16U\J&S!PV(Z!JIBKR\S;
]!`#[8!QR?]$8D1/5CBEG.UZ!9@












51Z\


PF\AN


]JV&6W;C+9M1MLVHVV;


8

$'&QQ0


M$*BF8BVD\
:'Y3CA.

MU_947

TDH]10/';D==G


__RIL
.;



MX$O6@T3Q8YB


:!&^(^CNA7:ZZ#D
ZZQI#X#H\
MYK:E+2M7H:'ZFOI5JPV50R65,@4D%.WK](W[^AJWFF8%







MS0`M62'/2\JG4_:_Y&\=Z=-@J&98OB+0'/X:^DK?^2OB25AH


M9FI
*28OYSA#/Z?L\ZPT96LW-FL;WQ.$JNNTM;2#SGH])M2B?1#+EM-.&L^B

Z45Z%--'3

$)LA4D_\DMK
(

M`!P`9G!F:2TR
#$S
3(S

UHTU3-:--4W5XP`!!4.
M```$.0$``.5]^W/D-I+F[Q=Q_P/.]U@[0FV[NV=FU]Z=VRA)K5[=M+NTDCR^



MU]^_^=/WW_Z3(^HJJG9EB_K;S]_6_R?4_R5-LE^_A_]XB!A89N*L_/YSF?SY



6+/*4WM(UX=7\OGK9

9%\H6


M?!+(7Z?3$8%-,1R03DFF1`EG2SY&:21\.R')$LVNXW1&8UD?/)(:_/FX$`

M#:]K'COTP8I'+XZ&7':



ME`I.`2NT



(9F)L$;9

M'/-#NB]B9+X.KN(MDFE66(YZOCDDQ/\/K.,F@XYH)2.JQO=0@HO;K.2*V&
MC'*7M2^%B$3*)O
`^NXI*NAY5



D@@3/3X1]]TN%=\OA4N=%A(!J$#@JP
M2CKTY/#1009GIL
_^:3#Q\3UM*@O&80




MUGAZX9@-01:NRD$HZE0A)5N-FOB(ZP)WS&'0$'F


$.:NIXV#&4#!1O*






@20^9JC@69CA/]9T`C?&XN%B3EWY
91%



$D%W\BDBY-@
MD@*E&Y



M





DA`G
MQI!CY:O2EE$O#$UUFZV&K



M84F1U(T0^9F+(8F?;F%]2#)ZS?ZIS6I$`S#@FHDB&M%#Z6C*$9F`*BA
LB

M)(B
)FITNJ
BH?

MJ.OU:L^4Z@SN^[@HHJ'=%+02#9D2#NX-.H]+!POHHJRNR2LWJKR*T@^N?LG)


M
5

1L)0HO5




\A?\I=C0F2:V$@SR]K
#]Q.9F





MTO-D`?[I6I1-..8&9^T
MQ]!*$Q`G24960@$'EVYI%;'E:?PN*C(V3V.KU-5NL^-[*'4@EZ897!1]
LR]
M(GVRV;70\
X9JF+3OA$D
:;@/#GP4%-UE:#?6[DZH
-;N6
I7#L(6GSJ'803


SKH-
W0D%+F?%NU6G;TA9(U`I--!
MUY!M+(Z19!J





(G-130^K3H_8QKYUT&-B8#ER`_1
5C@B2J



M1\

E9?[@(/\]E?F.3H$EI1J.2+K+XEJV8HK3V9+IZJF6]
M\L

EI/T_%=[W91DD!^R+)S:'THXO.F'OR1U@*7D






M7=(5Y%;)6/R3.%;)7:E8)5S^]JR[$:PR6810D-W5R1RHNUAPJ2AC9BY
N$

_/`RZ_ZF?Y+402]
LFY+-=09NS5*V&*+70&/.?@EB']%






M:(=




)Y!N-(_FI#_E+E!IG[F


Y2!5;UF&5?+CA1'
#)



!7/
-8A3Z%+IHW(X;
M3AW#(V!R










GUIF.UI
%9
CN\_Y=-GU%P)
MR1*F5P''Q0O3$ZN23-3C$2FG5$0^T9`ZZ
YZ[/T!#*/NQJE4Z!5N[#K9)9
MWI;!




M1Y


M?L4X0=D_[UPK)-//IHF


;VHJR'U.ZJ+(@C^D)`H[5O)9QTMKFL7&)'5_6JG
,I,EM727&<]G
MD*@6&:CM8T]Q;J3FC?O
:$2K;]PT`G.KXE`=0R3EY^CO.S'FM?7D=_M-.Z.



M]7-C9:]$$K'_1U)1*GEDQ6(B\\0#


M

MCT&/=MB]^$:]
)9QV17HF#V7JH0*E2.1)DK5BGVO8PRCJ\A%-5%860-W)H
M`;:

''+3\A74X5Z$+
MWKJX.+
TXI$*
7.+L=;DKQ*

S^<=M@HM.)6IG5\]@#Q9



MI2CMBL#:-=A*CLU9XULVT7!NL(%.6%HKX)M)VU-`3$D9I3S)$[+`N(*)12F)



E/0



`E+=JA+C(=C%F%:[U3+]J[37`XBY*Z7(]S
!H:!.=8BC
MF2NBHYY:R4)C5#-=!27VLH(P'=)P=[SRZP3OOVF^Z=Q`I&CULZA8/5RSK-
M/PFZKAM%'&P%=(LLAO^/O?











MG3M7M@8M\S2)Q6E&%M^PRL!QA7#7]=9(E+:/OMFK@]4MD^6'K0Y^O0^2,%H
M^L4A:R,]O-8K^XP,2N=;=/WRH=.U7R#=)_`]0!A5NX*-1\OV63-=;)1T&M$
MFA;H(/)




L2EBR-UCGL?7P0*FI:9:



FMO)3`7S:E51+YL+-*L$YIG1T9GD
3/-YL[ZR31PT.IN]U#2WW8T


G=G3
MC6YNN@A2M#H0T$41#Q

MJ0'V63640$


*&K?HAE/U^%%]'/_EA[PLOR)
GUR(#


/?W?N/
?_

+VMX`!^<&'!((^&<@X@C0X1=VZ0




MPGXPNQ*FCM`62OJWSPF4C*U'-.\Y

M4-\;UHQ/44D7S5MLJ@/B_
&@]OX5D*[#MB6.YKOF522#7/IX!BN$14E

2=E]2









?K^`?


=&99:-B_9P7DG?V.YEO6ZJP'L*489SSYE%1L


M.N_^#7ZTQ&O.2-#

K
M^7K]4Y/'):FA\


3



M*IL2BN`F+;G





7^W8W0[R

@2QP49?1]6&^65@][HWD=CN6L\4+K






M)''0\TD8YVH

V)9E-!0RQ7IF&\]21+7HLV%W;B]U]DF
[#DE3[J`JR]8=SO
M1H9T9F8-C(LP)[SJX/]Q$L:ROR*S!J0=T6XW1;ZB-ZOV%]M3ELGB\]65J2*
M2$&N0*!U!AD_#I+:XQBN_CJK*&N^ZC:JV+P:@N&U,0ES@CG_%TJIA\%3-I(
MAP
'R




5
%M5RV'1:?.!D









MI3:$*


#I9]QQ!W]#8!''?$

MGB2;4['NG;(IVC@\RAS(TOMW;1E\7=&&-&@/5D)M=#NZS\F!^H3L;-6.#/

ENQ&Y
@[U)1&ETB&85GX[0!7S?`9KD@Y-P




/1M?O

MP/`NBX
/Y;H_L'`\$X\7':@44$7*7Z@6NL/N([W&7]1YL=KIX&_?#?P-/'
MCEQ#[8E93Q1-_QG5J=?E?Z)P(DCCQ3

TZ-QO(^YI^S7G'MUO



MX99;$SYW.D.'O=$.UTOUW_J]=4MK32?WPP
NTPZS^;UDS1C!(PT?\K+D3\VO


?TZ;3X+9=6CU319T*Y


:N@8:8;3HEV0JL9Y?/L6&.ZU65J
MI;R-W&9GIA'Q8__OA/TS^@B7Z+7+$6=O\X&6Y??DKU@]34WBUMD.J7R19VP^





_]'.U!\E'?12W

M#'6HEIZE!F6D3+4C'K
U'K&U_QIRS\?R!-A'BF_JD#99X4L^`+#IY@TS+1L&

$:H`VVVKO$X/P^:#6D

LG4?.!HW6)]G$$::'=O(5GH?^D`CQ2


@.8;K8X
MJ]UB0)M`+=DL[/]=!.)!-X:D\B&VB1:DV)\G


ZX9I62X
M1EST4M(I!+%%5CWMR@_)FE[DQ387]^!^H./$PS999!:Q`I6




MQ]+5N[T(MWFE]KC/+Y.KGIGE7H:=++(C2P!U9APL#][GY-&YEE[M1[A5:-





`GG&T


M+@[C;2#E%4!Q]R_CB?;:@8KGU^L-5YL:+WC
HD%
'@`RV?4PLXD@@`:9'FKH


M[U
8-A/O71.9`'61=?#


M2@ALQY^BHHBRJH0XX?I:5!-`K$[HX:Z*U9Z.N$TV_507(9*I-M?)1@GGD%CV




ZFJ2^


M`'$\O6/I9(8E?BN



MH:[BXKZKG3]K/9R;7^*9M\3X07TVHSC25Y+\%LS9+N!7*X^(/C91IMV_02



8DFW142ARE:!-\AU1
=
M2B;P+3&`BX^%9]ANLTMYTLS[Z/.[]9JNY(F\11XQ$[1@#=:%ZTM'F&*1&B&
M,=7PE:?F\
M7L]$_1

MBS&:L=JN@LV$CGAEZ]6*Y$%H#M_%J7TG4K.I

]1!.UA:-$[&2):ATF2J
M@&O0._8C#W03$7%WR6?W*




MH@F9QBD9KX
[PVQ

VE2G%T=[=-$T5HS^R2T)IX
M5C6





%I#






?&[E2;%Z+(ME;F.QFT5@^4GE$@N6&0
MJ[HN6T#SD5;JG

KIVH

M#6\`-V[X1E1


D0(!6K;)5O:17#T4B_CE9-]

M-5)G!'3)EZ#]%9P8]G]B183J/]43+3[F63ZBH;(;:60Q]28;1*E3@0+I:S2]

M


MYZP):5




M6[K:%05_.+=
RI^2ZNG'+'^`[$S@%JZS[4Z]MW+XKR!PIQXJ-Z8
?$I$DG'.
M]'=P^/?(E^T7OR+--^&\KOTJX9\EG]AW2?_#1'P9FQOGA_23G#?70.0*'(%.


APWX/MS_CQ38.H\@$8OY`G_

M(

;#

_T\?V+_8GYL_L?^`E3#[R_\#4$L#!!0`

#$S
3(S

M550)``




M*?/)MJ^??S[Y_O3MR7=_?7OR]N3TY_]\9`'_]^SN\\\S1N+5Y)9%:QJ3R2R*


F;#R=OG^/Y-Z7P,PFR*!W9#$1_^4S;OM5






M;SZ()=;3^.M]];^[PL9JIAQRKX.-T::/@788(/`P\MYV&]BHE`3]ZF$7)/%H
N3Q%9^0




4M]P=:G0E3YD\BQH\$CEC9I\?\&O[-U^JBQ;M-IFB\\5<TV$Z=!8O6MJ(L
MQ!89&*E*EP]A=`C..2/,Z[X2GG^!WG18=!H@3AQ#T4%%QCP%#R\<[E4N_
_@_8D$


_TYQB&B:0\%Q\NJM9!\?

&Z!(V_O6MP]YG_HG=#N#PNI6;Y/IV\F6R=]?G/YU$8

^
M)LHG?A13@Y6\((=1=UXJ/;#W4'7AUC!2M#
ME\8$['?-6(FWOFP4#%55%1?P
MX`N/7/$?9?O8/@N5MH[A4IM5*@0JP]_:FQU!X3SPXKAX]9\^4P@839)#Q*3)


!@6K;J`A8K:%BR__CW#?/(




MZC(`TJR2*]KCO5?#!1Z!.'$)G9MD15B3
S4\2@*\]^NV^!AX=P.@JS`A7)()


M%!T1KLTFJ-%DP2;J#&-V:6DOF]%W@
V$8<)`VAD(QQAW7^)*D9-8--!Y8EF/P!0*&KT4BS$NM`8LU*S:[VO?





T646
_KZ[
M0&DA:Q)A;X%ML%*Q[BA&^EQ?*O;:9/H:[(FR/4H#Y_7JZ[72?B.$TF.?7V#H



`9
BE12+
M6E(_5K]4KEQ
MNM(

N4$^^XTMSZ)&W1
M$V187_F4#+L!2(



I4Z
7@


WL



M%O&`'X7.

/@X,:6LF6@$,P98DV.D!)``5Z
%N-G9W4P+@;Z%R3!/*^



=(C9R3MS(L+@W-E.2145SQU#1S;A]
M15'.46FS(U$5J8,?I*FV+DGVLAY-@-33W/
#AMDUQ1082=HJ(-2``IN`37


MY9]

M1

MFT//YW-W:)7].'-1:8FM04`#N;5/Y_^=BI2FMWP(+!^(!!+15-K2F6N#4NC*


T'-9@O<R6ZD<);5O;@+HGO]0''%+XG=3D+#7PFF2Y%#
O<DY])201
M)3O

R?R6\H+.B*PEE

_

M
!`.Q3OU+H=DEE-2Y].DI8#*'=F2`.!Z?'EK]3$`'53VR+=^L`0&0N`J3!@-


M6_Q

M4E!D%

M6#%;SJP6BH0*5R$4`[IET1/EN)Z]_!@+@_)-65)]ZB?TB2:T621;JC5:]^7.
M^E.BV50Q6TK




M%Z(;)[`X+F+!O7#6OWP6C*8T7N5W6



MWCJ004F*7GQCQ)DEF17]@`QI='BC.M9U+KN+D5S='+](QUOEODI@;6L!5
MF!.0









XCMB+V(3YIE-0IW056*$9L.




M

MB!Z8-R=E)84RS^^NHH+I'`.2HQ=[M@7/2BQN(*GTC@(O/G@/^-6?;0&UE4[/

M7B
BTN8)+^_X^(#7KXFF4F*D
$?

\3%GSUDVYAJ[[@XM6*R3U-S8

O:A8^C&





MC]0-G`SS#@#8'EN[BU:?WEW3

M@&=6U;
+(`


M*6)TD0HGL=N\\'L^


MJHG=%%0-+Y^!PB(%7

MY]ED\0*%0F:]
W;J$3O9`0S$'H3FQGVPZ;LD8DY93'*.-@'5/*R!B+$3()@!

N.T)
@V(%J+R
W`&[L+=
T646


YY#
R]0E4]]/UVE65V.O/(4L#8B9%LU

M#/6ZX
U%#&T1

ZB&Z8/98Z`
HOS_



MUF97/@:F'0/33'D%SUZV/_X')8P+8?7RF3R10!_I`:4_(+2@++D1Q2:K2A(W
MQVV*:+/LQ@TX[28OH)R+AF
GPE2VP\OR1

MSUNY(3;_N



D*.(U74<L*0I\*86B=57JZ0O8CSIM9U+?,CY\U5G)HC;/B9X*
M.[J_]WVFCW0HG7<9A;_$U7KC45:Y%^QIW9K\P3!2[#A]:S3AK/5SZM+'JAG
MTTVHRG1BI



N=_^J7SUQ/

TWH
A/6/4FX?J$M]5(0
MZ6BPS7K@EQ`SXV.7K
MF4T#F#U%1:.WL)9]@B@71IB-LZUW'8G1&$0V$V2XY

#N0%(NG*JV7W]@WER3V%K0Z$FP348P:4/8'DKBN4_5#N'M
MKEC4^JONGRH([/K`MAL!
6DC&#?4


M0

M5'UK*R4W


M?!7R^9-F#W':0'I9VP-039\-T+K[_EMWN-'YH]AO$^75`R-R7%UYX`8EZ
M8NTO#C4GPS@_5(_QFU=TB![$96WQ8YY
DZ8VJNNCM^A'MLKWWSX&H%E7&F+

6\)G\FUUNBN:WEW.1Y!$G/HI2!!5UMC.Y(T%;.38['$#-]
M@L_G:F-T9X'68FYP/(*8[^DS6,J5MN@^`FV%W.!W#!F3)Q+I5QMC?[NWUK.

M90FQV47V/#?9MM?#V6LCW1#M)+Y/@'^`VR7JR*.S.G3N3U]OC/J^UOC1+&


%^WX]6W[AV;K]_QZCOW3D^G

H]GG%V8$Y::`OUYP:(NM)9IS.1A0[R/7O'IQ[%([KA\
B'-M9FD


M(G:;
`GVBBY8ZJ;B/Y3^C@
LY
MH

3PXK7?]R/FBRZFV3]3:H=

==PLRN@/DA2
UL-`%I8K&C/M#3PP1EQ.=]F[;!_7;8


E7C\TO2.PSNC&`WTOOV#H@?#;T*$PWIL<M

&<SF_8N1<$
BX


M5O74_RVE

8T7=+T+]^M@V/-T,&BZE,3@?H9!Y_%XH$1+T[92T6-OR
)

M#_3'\IYM$57)'/ZC#.@VWFHRR+K`\P+K:2ZHY?)*ID(M8TTCL8YA$IB(T0
3
&4B\0BJ3A'4RQ;BW[@**+:
=JP=4!K-/]K:;E2ZJ
M&RBN^%:M5O)Y)5J72[DY3_'=HT9.SGG,CSU:].E!)LA6G-+7J?AO5GDFU
^
M);

M1VFHN13#J-%#'=H](1JD


8DOGPGS::Q/K-RU7RC6^&Y1_4C0C=F0;22?Q%@E

E:G?+];9ZIY?$?C




VP
$E[UAQF`7U:?+F





M'Y=


A'1!$ZV[\U^U!V#=N7GWITG1M1-.S:_J
M7#Q/F9CO



HL0+L.^
E2

+Q1!U)
M=U9
[VEYW@AC3

M6



MX'AOZ)N9QAG4YLG*JI.#T_E;B
B-X[J3QM:G2N:0IMY.YSI0JV#V6NBV:+D
MK0]/Z]9Q?9VN_OT





M6\=I(%Z2ITM&


V?Z'W@U<Z?;#[(L.\DF;MR._%#J;F*IMM)L=S+3@4E(0D,16HTK?[Z'H`O
?$NJ!V_\J;TS]9UVB%3ZP/V



M?7]]


KHB'%MC2IVO1X?#X^'1\=`:'OYDC?_Y]=PEV/._CJ?C


MM/I6C*[^1)YCA;0LA=C[09Z


M!





M%E$T-$-IBU[IP[S28QIA?1I3V2L%W_K4_C9%&W3GXGCX4Y[H%7I4\&*!:T7(

U

M/`D)_8%;(2GKAXC8?A4L5YY-5WB&'N
\1'V@5^N;O%I#5$OB[I42;X
[CG\-
V?HA_[5<P

M?R-(O24*I6F#]'X_S5*96V:B50V0WACE96TR?9Y/0_?3#DKZJ6J^^%BOZT)9

MY4;00N@-4*AU


M1]FZA!+_)



MB35@O
,82=I&W&.?5YKQ1H\K1%?%69F*HT8OT:%-^TIS;
[XVL6G&K@=+;

4@)^*ZB=

GP_+0W7\])/[X=
MXE\@VL'CRHU!!&G-Q2#2HGEM1^.22!F%Z@4+BX!(G+6DF`^B)F/?C$%^A3



M6;ZK&COG6E7HQ--H6VTTBNO9`]7XB-)H%-=C&K!JMC.M9O$-=8V&;[75*+YO
MR6


V/Y7I-%R#
XI_



))[9/$V;'A'&_5L)V*&9)*`J!=@+6870NW]\HQ^OE



6F7['']_)QC3VQ8!75*PT`


MFYQ06@A3Q?H`X9=_I)QC/O$N'\6140@



YG
H
MA?T9D]=P;:0XV0IF:QK&=E7%BF/*1$X?&_`!8U]\$;G$WM60+UC.;%QJ`=^U

!=DM#BO`P_#!%X:5QQ9!3:'\)W:RB5@99XAGO



9N!&FO6&^Q#'W.2G@BC'($Q3IVETH.86MMKN
X&H2:`7?OCE2=V!G)B
M1]\?.





54

M_/^5IRZMI/E+#92I)LN
(?<5^Z[*8$P5+8W?

XB%@K%+'_@-%K<)QI_G
MVQ3$:0)H@DR%A5W;





M/CP;D**9ADO(6!P'._HERVRMGBC73-:
C:-7JS4H3#R+BX/L]X[5@-D0=NL@
M\\QWD$3

MIGT[

MEDB=VB[E4C^W
)K[F

MF;-&D*9&GGKF



3
Q
C
Q+GAM;%54!0`#-:--4W5X



9]
F```7C0(`%0`8
M```````!````I(&0OP``9G!F:2TR
#$S
3(S

UHTU3
M=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`X8J/1-OEPF0/7```CRD%`!4`
M&````````0```*2!LN8``&9P9FDM
C`Q
S$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#-:--



 'defref_FPFI_GoingConcernAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_WorkingCapitalDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_PercentageOfCumulativeTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_GoingConcernAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_GoingConcernDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#,Y,E\R-#AD
M-C,T,&$T,#DB#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



Y
E\R
M-#AD-C
T
&$T







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\
#I7;W)K<VAE






#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5B





T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R
M8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
C

M+U-H965T
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@

M(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0S/]X





CDN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M;64^3F]T95]A;F1?0V]N=F5R=&EB;&5?3F]T97-?4&%Y



O4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




O4VAE970T


O4VAE970T

M4VAE970^
#I0<F]T96-T5VEN
3X-


3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR
M7S(T.&0V






]


C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E




T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@
M26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
#`P
M
3`U.#
S

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



C`Q
M





]

]

Q/'-P86X^


]
M


]

]






]
'0^)U-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@






]



M
T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR
M7S(T.&0V






]





]



T1T;W`^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

RPS





RPS


S@\


]
T1N=6UP





S
L
S







]

]




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(S+#



T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#`P



]

]
M



\+W1D/@T*

]




CDU+#



M;G0@3&EA8FEL:71I97



M-3@@86YD(#

BPS


]







M871E9!D969I8VET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
M+#8P.PU






G

]
T1N=6UP







]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG)FYB


M4&%R=%]F-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#
Y
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T




M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^4V5R:65S($


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



]


]


#`L


3`P+#`P

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
T




'0O:'1M;#L@


]

@*%53

]
T1T



]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


@4V]L9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M1&YU;3XH


M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


]

]


]


]
T1N=6UP


T1T;W`^26UP86ER



T1T;W`^26YV97-T;W(@
M86YD('!U8FQI8R!R96QA=&EO;G


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M


]
T1F;CX\


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1N=6UP/C0P











]

]

]
M

S


]



]

]

]
M

]


RPY-3





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

]
T1N=6T^*#@L



]
T1N=6T^*#


T1T
M;W`^*$=A:6XI(&]N($-H86YG92!I;B!V86QU92!O9B!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI






]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M-2PV




]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0Y/'-P


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

3`Y+#8P



]
T1N=6UP/C(V
BPU



]

]


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@L



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@3W1H97(@17AP96YS97



M


@8F5F


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@U+#





]
T1P


]

M;G5M/B0@*#4L
S@T+#DX



]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP



M97






T1T;W`^6S%=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M
&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P830P.2]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5!6D9+/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S







]


^#0H@

M($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-38L-C




M

S
L
3$X/'-P

3`L
M
#`P+#`P


]





]
T1N=6UP/C@L



]
T1T



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT






]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

M:&%R97

]




]
T1T





]



]







C(P/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



]


]
T1T




]




]
T1N=6T^*#
U





]



]






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&%G







]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061J=7-T;65N=!F


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-RPR

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]



]
T1N=6T^
M*#(R+#4P









]




]



]


]

BPV
#`L


]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P

]





M



]
T1T


RPP







]




]






]







]
M


BPS.3





]
T1N=6UP/C
L.3
Y+#


]






]



T1T;W`^



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#`P

]
T1T



M86QI9VX]



]



]
M

]
T1T




]





]



]
M




]




]



]

S
L
#`X





]
T1N=6T^
M*#8L.38Y+#0R




]

]
T1N=6UP/C

M
BPS


M1&YU;7`^



]




]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T



BPR-38L.3@R/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]

]


]



]
T1R93X-




]


]


]
T1T





]


]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^
3
L



]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPU




]
M



]



]




]



#`\




]






]




]





]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C8U




]






]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]



BPY




]




]

M1&YU;7`^


]




M1&YU;7`^-RPU





]


C
T+#(W



]






]





]




]





]



]



]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
SDL
#@T


S$L(#(P
3









]




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?
M.#,Y,E\R-#AD-C,T,&$T,#D-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

&0Q7S@S.3)?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P830P.0T*



]

M:60]









]


]


M9VX]



]






T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-SDL

]
T1R;SX-

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


M96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]


M




]
T1N=6UP/C
R

]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P.2PV






]




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
M+#4W








]
T1N=6UP/C0X

]
T1P

]

3`V+#(T


]


]









M9VX]





]


]
M










]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#@S
3QS

]


S
T+#(V


]

]



2PY



C(L-3DX*3QS


]


]








M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-SDL



]



]


]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T92!P87EA

CDL
#`P/'-P

34P
M+#@P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#`P



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$V
RPX



]
T1N=6T^*#$U+#(R








M
RPS












]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]
M

]

RPP












]

BPU





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#$Y


]


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
M
SDR7S(T.&0V

#@N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$
$5



M
S$L(#(P
3


M96YT871I;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='



T1T;W`^3F%T






M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M26YC+B!W87
@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN('1H90T*4W1A=&4@;V8@1&5L87=A




M9!I=',@9&]M:6-I;&4@=&\@=&AE(%-T871E(&]F($YE=F%D82X@5&AR;W5G
M:`R




M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M)B

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P



C`L(#(P
3$L


M=&]C:RP@87

#`L
6UE;G1S
M+!T;W1A;&EN9PT*)#,U,PP
#`@86YD(#$L
S`P+#`P


L

#`-




2P@
C`Q
BP@)#
U-2PP

M;BP@5&EM97




M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY!;G1H
M=7,@3&EF92!#;W)P+B!W87,@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN#0I.979A9&$@;VX@
M2G5N92`T+`R
#`Y+B!!;G1H=7


@


T0G9F]N=#H@










M)SY%9F9E8W1I=F4@075G=7-T(#4L(#(P
3
@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-F-O;7!L
M971E9!A(#$@9F]R(#$P


BPY
#


SDL

M;W5N9&5D('5P('1O('1H92!N97AT('=H;VQE#0IS:&%R92X@5&AE(&-O;G-O



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[



M#0IF;W5R(&)I;&QI;VX@*#0L
#`P+#`P



T0G9F]N=#H@







Y
E\R
M-#AD-C
T
&$T









]



]
6QE/3-$



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


#LF(S$V

M97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F



M=!L;W-S(&]F(0V
SDL



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4








@;6EN




M86P@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VUP86YY#0IW:6QL(&)E(&%B;&4@=&\@;V)T86EN('-U9F9I8VEE;G0@861D

L





@;F\@87-S=7)A;F-E('1H870@=&AE










]






M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY.
M3U1%(#,@)B,Q-3`[(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0-D%#0T]53E1)

24-)15

M/B8C

M5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M=7

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M


M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





M(0S,RPS,S4@86YD(0S


T0G9F]N=#H@




M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M05-#(#(S




M86YD('5S97
@=&AE(&EN9&ER96-T(&]R(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&UE=&AO


@
C










L(%-E

M5D%
544@3T8@1DE.04Y#24%


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




M;&5N9W1H(&]F(&UA='5R:71Y(&]R(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&5S('1H870@87!P




T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6YC:7!L97


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H


@8V]U;&0@9&EF

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P



544@345!

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V







M:6YG#0IG=6ED86YC92`H05-5($YO+B`R

@5&]P
M:6


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97


@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97



M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`P+C5I;CL@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN
M)SXF(S$V

M(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
979E;`R(8C
34P.R!)


@9F]R('-I;6EL87(@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S.R!Q




'!T+VYO

M(#`@
`P+C5I;CL@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H-

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
979E;`S(8C

M;BP@5&EM97






M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





30W

30X.RX@1&5R:79A=&EV92!L




M;G


'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M;B!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQI/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO







38P.SPO


M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C



M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C











M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M;&4]









M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X

M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M)B

979E





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M)B


M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M9'1H.B`Q

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X)3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M(#$Q-24G/B8C



M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



Q-C`[


34E)SXF(S$V
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M



M)B





M871I=F4@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P
M.R8C


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I
M8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q







T0G9F]N=#H@





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M97




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

U+#@Y-CPO



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D-H86YG92!I;B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&5M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W





34E)SXF(S$V
M



M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M




M;BP@5&EM97





L(&%N




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M


@3F5W(%)O



M97


M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

@;V9F(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S(&EF('1H

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX@0F%D



'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B,Q-C`[/]P/@T*




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4







'!T+VYO



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-#@[(%1H92!W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



L



#$S

30V.W
@;F5T(&QO


@8GD@=&AE(&1I






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z






N
M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9O;&QO=W








M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE







M871I;VX@)B


@






M('-T871E;65N='

N(%1H870@


M=FEC97

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q




M;VYS(&]F($%30R`U

#L@0F%S960@4&%Y
M;65N='

M;WEE97
@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=VAI8VAE=F5R



M

65A<G,@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R
#$R('1O=&%L960@)#(Y+#4W

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^





2X@36%N86=E;65N=!H87



M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@






@86YD






M='
@9F]R('=H:6-H(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97
@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L


M





@:&EG

@=&%K96X@=V]U;&0@


M=&%I;G1Y(&%B;W5T#0IT:&4@;65R:71S(&]F('1H92!P;W-I=&EO;B!T86ME


M(&=U:61A;F-E#0IO9B!!4T
@-S0P+3$P+!T:&4@8F5N969I=!O9B!A('1A

M86QL#0IA=F%I;&%B;&4@979I9&5N8V4L(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97
@
M:70@:7





M87)G97-T(&%M;W5N=!O9B!T87@@8F5N969I=!T:&%T(&ES#0IM;W)E('1H

@

@:71S('1A



M87@@8F5N969I='

M

M97


M






#$R+`R,#$Q+!A
M;F0@
C`Q






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




]


38P.SPO




R!A;F0@-R!Y96%R

@9F]R


S$L
M(#(P
3


M86P@5&EM97


3`P

T0G




Q+S(P
3


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




Q-C`[


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/C$L

M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:68G/B@Q+#`Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

2PP
3


T0G

M5&EM97




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G9F]N=#H@










34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




M
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V





]

T1)1#!%

]






T0G9F]N=#H@


34P.R!3


@3F5W(%)O


C8L(#(P
3(L(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960-
MFEN=&\@86X@86=R965M96YT('=I=&@@27)O;G)I9&=E($=L;V)A;!T;R!S


@86YD#0IC97)T86EN(&UA;G5F




2!V;VQU;64@=V5I9VAT960@879E<F%G


38P

@









34P('-H87)E


2P@
C`Q
M
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@27)O;G)I9&=E(')E8V5I=F5D(#$W+#@P

M:&EC:!W97)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T(0R
S0L

M
#DL-C`P(&%N9`D,S$V+#8P,B!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T:&4@8F%L86YC92!O9B!S:&%R97
@9'5E

BPQ-S@L
M







M
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V





]

T1)1#!%


]

M86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^
M3F]T92!A;F0@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z('=H:71E)SX\8CY.3U1%(#8@)B


L

Q-C`[



S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q



T0G=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M)B

Q
M+S(P


38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


3$E.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





Q-C`[)#4P+#`P

S`L

M
#MC;VYV97)T960@=&\@
BPV
SDL

M8VL@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN($EN(#(P
3
@=&AE(&YO=&4@;6%T=7)I='D@
M9&%T92!W87
@97AT96YD960@=&\@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#




@;F]T



3
L('9O


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C

M=#H@







C`Q






R!D87D@=')A9&EN9R!P





#`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M5&EM97


Q

M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


BPU
#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R




@;W(@:7-S=65S('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@

M('1H:7


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

S(L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G9F]N=#H@











Q


@;W(@:7-S

Q-C`[8V]N





M9B`N

M=FED96YD(')A=&4@;V8@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$E.R!T97AT



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G

34E)SXF
M(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:`U+`R


#LD-#4L


Q-C`[5&AE(&QO86X@;6%T



Q-C`[


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXT-2PP

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(&YO=&5S(&1O(&YO=!E87)N(&EN=&5R97-T(&)U=!D969A=6QT(&EN=&5R



#MC86X@8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!C;VUP86YY(&%T('1H92!A=F5R86=E(&9I=F4@


RD\+V9O

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

3`Y+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q-C`[

M

M



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M;`V+`R



#M4:&4@;F]T92!B96%R


M;VYV97)T960@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@-C`E

M8V4@:7




@;W(@:7-S=65S('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@





M9!T;R!V86QU92!T:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@=VET:!T:&4@


M86X@87-S=6UE9!D:79I9&5N9!R871E(&]F(#`@)2X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@

M;BP@5&EM97




@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F($-O;7!A;GD@:6X@
C`Q
RX\

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


#LF
M(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W




M92!O9B!T:&4@;&]W97-T(#


@;W(@:7-S


M97



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@;F]T92!W87
@8V]N
M=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@


C`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M



M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@









@365T






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



2P@
C`Q
R!A





M;&]W97-T(#

Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[82`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@






3(L('9O;&%T:6QI
M='D@;V8@



M:6X@
C`Q

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M






M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/D]N($IU;'D@
C
L(#(P
3

#`N(%1H92!N;W1E

38P.R8C
38P.V$@
M




L(%-E



#$R+!V;VQA=&EL:71Y(&]F(#4X,4L(&%N

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z

'0M86QI

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


U)2!O9F8@





M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


3$U


M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E
M87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#8@)2!A;F0@:7




M(&]F(#0L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&)Y(8C
38P




#(@=6YL97-S('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-E;&QS('-T;V-K

@;V-C


38P.W1O('9A;'5E('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I




4N/]F;VYT/CPO



T0G9F]N=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



#L\





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-S(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
2P@
C`Q

M(%1H92!L;V%N(&UA='5R97
@07!R:6P@
C$L(#(P
30N($]N($YO=F5M8F5R


M=7)C:&%S92!O9B`T
#`L




#(@=6YL

M=&AA=!L979E;X@4VAO=6QD('1H:7
@;V-C=7(L('1H92!W87)R86YT('!U



Q-C`[=&AE(&9O;&QO

M+C`P


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M;`R.2P@,C`Q-X@5&AE(&YO=&4@:7
@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@870@=&AE(&QO
M=V5R(&]F(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@

Q

2X@5&AE(&YO=&4@86QS

@8GD@

M=!A('!R:6-E(&)E;&]W('1H870@;&5V96PN(%-H;W5L9!T:&ES(&]C8W5R





`E+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXR+#4P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M


BP@
M
C`Q




M:7-C;W5N=!O9B`T-24@;V9F('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E+@T*(`@

M:&4@;&]W97-T(#

Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[82`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@






3(L('9O;&%T


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M)B

M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M8FEL:71I97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

3`X+#`Q







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M;VYT.B`Q


M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P


M:69I960@87




@
M*#(P+#`P


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M:&4@


M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R

Y
M
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T




CX\


]




M86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R

M86P@5&EM97




M(&]N($IU;'D@
C
L(#(P
3(@=&\@8VAA;F=E('1H92!D97-I9VYA=&EO;B!O
M9B!I='

#`L
#`P+#`P

M86QU92`D
XP,#`P,2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;PT*:&%S(#$P,PP
#`L
M

#`P


M
#`P

P+#`P
M



M

M;BP@5&EM97





M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY%86-H(&]N92!S:&%R92!O9B!3
M97)I97

@


M.B`Q





@


@=&]G971H


T0G9F]N=#H@











M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


#$R+`T*=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$Y+#4P





'!T+VYO


M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

S8L-3`P





M:&%R97




M97








@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@;V8@8V]M;6]N

@8F5E;B!C

M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#$R+`T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&9I=F4@8V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@;F]T97

@

M9B`D.3
L-#0S#0II;G1O(#0L
3$S+#4T-R!S:&%R97
@;V8@:71S(&-O;6UO

3`P+#`P



S$L
M(#(P





M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M965M96YT('=I=&@@27)O;G)I9&=E($=L;V)A;!T;R!S971T;&4@)#(X-PY
M


@=&AE(&)A
M;&%N8V4@;V8@=&AE($YO=&4@4&%Y86)L90T*9F]R('1H92!A8W%U:7-I=&EO






M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4





30V.W
@
C`Q
B!);F-E;G1I=F4@4W1O8VL@4&QA;BX\




C`Q
BP@=&AE#0I#;VUP




#`Y#0IA;F0@
C`Q
2X\+W`^#0H-


M8W1O8F5R(#4L(#(P










#$R




M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


34P+#`P


@




M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(-G1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E=&ER960@,3`L,#`P+#`P,!S
M:&%R97

M/B8C

M5&EM97


@;V8@26YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;B!W:71H('1H
M92!S=&%T92!O9B!.979A9&$@;VX@3F]V96UB97(@-2P@
C`Q
R!T;R!C:&%N

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#`P+#`P
M

XP,#`P,2X@5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@86QS;R!H87,@,3`P+#`P,PP

M


#`P


P+#`P

M


@;VX@:71S(&)A;&%N8V4@

C`Q

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@


RPW

M


L
'0M


#`L




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#$S

M
B!S:&%R97









M('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K('=I=&@@82!B;V]K('9A;'5E(&]F(0R,#@N/]P






@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K#0IO9B!T:&4@


M97

@97-T:6UA=&5D+!A=!T:&4-F1A=&4@;V8@=&AE
M(&=R86YT(&%T(0Q-#`L
#`P('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C:RU3:&]L97,@;W!T
M:6]N(8C



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




M;V8@-#`P+#`P


M=!A=`D-2PV

Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R
M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-E='
@9F]R=&@@8V]M


2P@
C`Q


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z(#$P

3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M86X]


M5&EM97


@




Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


C`Q
SPO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

#`L
M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



C$L(#(P
M
3

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/C0P

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3
S+#
S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3






M:6=H=#H@



C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D




#(\


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@




C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D




M



C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M5&EM97

#(\+V9O;G0^

T0G;6%R


3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P830P



]
T1R97!O


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



M;64@5&%X97


34P.R!354)315%514Y4($5614Y4



M=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!*86YU87)Y(#(L(#(P
30@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D
M#0HU
#`L


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-




`T*9F%C

RX@5&AE(&-O



M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


30@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7-S=65D#0HU+#`U

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R
M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


30@=&AE

C`Q
PT*9F]R(0W+#`P,!F86-E('9A;'5E('!L=7






M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





RP@

L
#$P+#`P




M=65D(&EN('1H:7

M





M:7







R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T







M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!I;B!C;VYJ=6YC=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!S971T;&5M


M


@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@
M)#(T+#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[





M-CM



M9R!C;&%I;7
@:6YC;'5D:6YG('-E8W5R:71I97

M8V@@;V8@8V]N=')A8W0N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H97-E(&-L




@8V]N=&EN=6EN9PT*=&\@=FEG;W)O=7-L


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2!L
M:71I9V%T:6]N('1H870@=V4@8F5L:65V92!C;W5L9!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I





30V.W
@;W(@;W5R($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS('-U


@:6X@=&AE




@3F5W(%)O;6%N




@86YA;'EZ960@:71S(&]P97)A=&EO;G











3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



@3F5W(%)O


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M;G-E(&]F(0R+#DU,XP

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3
@9F]R(0T+#`P,!F86-E#0IV86QU92!P



#$U(&%S('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y('1H90T*;F]T92!A9W)E96UE

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C






#(@87



#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

M


3




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

RPV-C8L-C8W#0IS:&%R
M97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN(&-O;FIU;F-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE('!A


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


RP@




@=')A;G-A8W1I









#$Y(&%S('!R;W9I

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#$T('1H92!#;VUP





@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@

@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V



M87)K970@=F%L=64@;V8@)#@P+#`P



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M



30X.RDL(&%R92!C=7)R96YT;'D@:6YV;VQV960@:6X@




C`Q
RP@=&AE
M(%!L86EN=&EF9G






@;&%W








@;W(@;V8@

30V.W





@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M92!W:71H($%30R`X-34M
3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY#0IH87
@86YA;'EZ960@
M:71S(&]P97)A=&EO;G







]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
6QE/3-$

L(%-E



M/B8C

M5&EM97





M86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN

M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\




]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



M1F]O9'

-F%L;!H:6=H;'D@;&EQ=6ED(&EN=F5S

@;W(@;&5S

S
L
S





M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@05-#(#(S

@86-C;W)D


@=&AE(&EN

@
C


M96EP='


M96EP='







M4B!604Q512!/1B!&24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5345.5%

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




@=6YL97-S(&]T



]

]




T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6YC:7!L97








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET



#DM
#4I('5N9&5R($%3
M0R!4;W!I8R`X



'!T







@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

Q





T0G9F]N=#H@

`P(#`@,XU:6X[('1E

@)B
Q-3`[(%5N;V)S97)V86)L

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







L(%-E



M9R!

30X.R!A;F0@05-#(#@Q-2P@
M)B

-F%N9!(961G:6YG)B
Q-#@[+B!$97)I=F%T











@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M87-E(&]R(&1E8W)E87-E(&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&)E:6YG(')E8V]R


@861J=7-T;65N='
@


M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-E='
@9F]R=&@@=&AE


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q




M




T0G=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


38P

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@

@:6X\


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT
M($]T:&5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/E5N;V)S97)V

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G




M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

B\S
2\R
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

34V+#4T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

34V+#4T.3PO9F]N=#X\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


3$U



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C



3$U


M(#`N-6EN)SX\:3XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


'!T


M)B
Q-C`[)B



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D-H86YG92!I

@

@
M:6YC;'5D960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T










T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

34V+#4T.3PO



]

]



M.B`Q







2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&-O




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@



M;6EN92!T:&%T('1H92!A;6]U;G0@:7
@;F\@;&]N9V5R(&-O;&QE8W1I8FQE



]

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



N(%!R979I;W5S;'D@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M




L(%-E
'0M:6YD



@8V%L8W5L871E9`T*:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H
M($9!4T(@05-#(#(V









M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M97


M:7







T0G9F]N=#H@
M


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R
M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q







@9FEX


]

]

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y32$%212U05-%1!%6%!%

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\

@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!A

65E('-E<G9I8V5S


M92!S:&%R97
L(&]P=&EO;G





@;V8@96UP;&]Y



@3F5W(%)O



M97




@;V8@05-#(#4P-2TU
M
P@/&D^17%U:71Y(8C





@:7-S=65D+B!4

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M

M


T1T;W`^4F5C



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M97


M;&4@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN($UA;F%G96UE;G0@:&%S(')E=FEE=V5D('1H

M8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS('!R97-E;G0@;W(@9G5T=7)E(&9I

]

T0G9F]N=#H@





L(%-E





L(&%M;VYG



@

M(&%M;W5N='

M8FEL:71I97


M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY!('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:7

















@:6X@=&AE



M;G


M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;VUP;&5T:6]N(&]F(&%N(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N(&)Y(&$@=&%X:6YG(&%U=&AO





@=&5C:&YI




2P@
C`Q
RX@5&%X
M(')E='5R;G

#$Q+!A;F0@,C`Q,!R

M:')E92!Y96%R('-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

M-U\T
&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P830P



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5:1CX-B`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





T0G











M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






M






M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C







M;'-P86X]


@


M


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M4V5R:68G/CQB/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M-24G/B8C


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3&5V96P@


38P.SPO

M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

RD\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M-24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
R)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V



34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M



@3F5W


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

34V+#4T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M



34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C



M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E
M)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T


2P@
C`Q

#LF(S$V

M:#H@

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M.#(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

U
M.2PW-#

X.R`\

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

'0M86QI

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH






34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A
3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-S$X-F$V-5]D
M86$W7S0P9#%?.#,Y,E\R-#AD-C,T,&$T,#D-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ

&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A

O4VAE970R

M;G0]

2!R




M
S$L(#(P
3



]

M

M=&5D(&]F#0IT:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

2P@
C`Q


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z(#$P




M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

B\S
2\R

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Y)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


30E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ+#@T



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

2PP
3


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M;&4]



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M)B

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M



M5&EM97


Q-C`[

M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

34E)SXF(S$V
M


M
&0Q7S@S.3)?

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


M

S$L(#(P
3


]



S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M(#(P



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#
M86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3(O
S$O
C`Q


M)B

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q+S(P

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#`P

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


M)B


Q-C`[)#4P
M+#`P


S`L
M

#MC;VYV97)T960@=&\@
BPV
SDL
M

M(#(P
3
@=&AE(&YO=&4@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!W87
@97AT96YD960@=&\@
M4V5P=&5M8F5R(#


M87




M=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8@+C`P
3
L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@-3DW)2P@86YD




T0G9F]N=#H@

M/C(P+#`P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@





C`Q



M8V4N(%1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&ES('1H92!A=F5R86=E(&]F('1H





#`Q
BP@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



34E
M)SXF(S$V








M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C


BPU
M




M;'


@;V-C=7(@=&AE(&-O;G9E


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YG('1H92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S($UE=&AO9!T;R!V86QU92!T:&4@9&5R


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

S(L

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0P

#$S('1H92!#;VUP

3`L-3`P+B!4




@


M;&]W97(@=&AA;B!T:&4@)B

M('1H:7






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[


3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@






M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#$S('1H92!#;VUP86YY

#LD-#4L
#`P


#$T($EF

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


Q-C`[



2!T:&4@;F]T92!H;VQD97(N(%1H92!N;W1E<R`F(S$V
#MC
M86X@8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!C;VUP




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

3`Y+#4P
#PO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M



#$S('1H92!#;VUP86YY


M-3`P+B`F(S$V

M:7




M;W(@=&\@)B


M;'

M)B








M;F]T92!W87


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K(&]F($-O;7!A;GD@:6X@
C`Q


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#H@


#LF(S$V

M

M






@9&%Y

@







M=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@;F]T92!W87
@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@
RPX-#`L.38Q

C`Q
RX\+W`^

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:#H@
3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M






@365T:&]D('1O('9A;'5E('1H92!D97)I

M;G

T0G

M5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




@3F5W(%)O


2P@
C`Q







Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[82`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M('1H:7



M(')A=&4@;V8@+C`P
3(L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@
S(S)2P@86YD(&%N(&%S


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4
M:&4@;F]T92!W87,@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@-PQ.#4L
S@P#0H@(`@(`@

C`Q
RX\+W`^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


@

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M




C
L(#(P
3
@

#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#@E


38P.R8C
38P.V$@





M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#$R

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M5&EM97




'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





T0G9F]N=#H@









T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#8@)2!A
M;F0@:7

38P.T]N(%-E


#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@
M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&)Y(8C


@='=O('EE87)S


#(@=6YL97-S

M=!L979E;X@4VAO=6QD('1H:7


38P.W1O('9A



M

M96YD(')A=&4@;V8@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z('=H:71E)SXF(S$V





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M-S(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

2P@
C`Q



@07!R
M:6P@
C$L(#(P


#`L
#`P('-H


#(@=6YL97-S('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-E;&QS

M:7




M:71Y('=I=&@@)B




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


3$E.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=&5X

34E)SXF(S$V
M




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:7
@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@870@=&AE(&QO=V5R(&]F(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@
M








M87-S=6UP=&EO;G

#$Q

M(')A=&4@;V8@
`E+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#H@


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




BP@
C`Q







@9&%Y('1R861I

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[82`Q

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M9F]R('1H:7



M97-T(')A=&4@;V8@+C`P
3(L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@-3@V)2P@86YD(&%N


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C








M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SY5;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D96)T(&1I


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

3`X
M+#`Q



'0O:'1M






S$L(#(P
M
3



]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




3)P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V



M;&4]






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


C8L(#(P
3
\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
#`P+#`P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O



M;G1S($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXT+#4S
RPS

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@




M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M=#H@


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M9&%A-U\T
&0Q7S@S.3)?

O4VAE970R
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]

]





M9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN

M5&EM97








T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6=H=#H@


M:68G/C(P



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




Q


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E







34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
2PX

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&5F=#H@
C!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M5&EM97

M)B


M;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C0E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

PX.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=F5R



T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^

G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M
G!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI






2`L.#
P+#@Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;&4]



M($EN8V]M92!487@@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


C`Q

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U



34E)SXF(S$V



T0G=VED=&@Z





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


Z('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A


M





T0G9F]N=#H@

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#
Y
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T
M



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R
RP@
C`Q


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-BP@
C`Q
M

C`L(#(P






]




T1T;W`^
M3G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S:&%R97





]




]









]


2PS
#`L

]
M











]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

BPV-3`L
M


]
M







]
M




M
CDL
#


]



]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#`P+#`P


#`L
#`P/'-P

M+#`P


&0Q
M7S@S.3)?

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]








M



]






M




M.#9A-C5?9&%A-U\T
&0Q7S@S.3)?

O
M4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P




]


M='

M




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



]
T1P


]


\+W1D






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D


2PY
S4L



]

]
M


M87)T7V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P830P.0T*0V]N





]

M

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34V+#4T.3QS


]

34V+#4T


]


M='



T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@




T1T;W`^5&]T86P\









]
T1R



]
T1R:#X-



T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@



T1T;W`^

]
T1T97AT

M
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V





]

T1)1#!%


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





T1T

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@96UB961D960@



]
T1R;SX-






]



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\

M9&%A-U\T
&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5:3D%#/@T*

M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]







]



]


]




]
T1T97AT/B=0






]



&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S
M-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U
M7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]


T1T;W`^1G5R



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]




]
T1N







T1T


]


T1T



M-C5?9&%A-U\T
&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-1D%'

M/3-$


M;'


T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

3(@

C8L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO






]

]




M
BPU

M/3-$=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97
\+W1D/@T*




T1T






]





]





T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!A9V=R96=A=&4@=')A9&EN

]
T1T



]
M








3`S/'-P

M97)C96YT86=E(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/CDN.3DE/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M



S$V+#8P


]

M+#0Y


]
M


]

]


M


]







&0Q7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A
M-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A
M83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V

S(N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C








M

M;&EA8FEL:71I97




T1T;W`^3F]T97


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T


]


]

C`L

C`L


M(#


]
T1T97AT


BPU



]
T1R;SX-


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`U(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97



]




]






]
T1T97AT




]







T1T;W`^

M-2PP





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA
M8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S



T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M8FQE(#$S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]




T1T;W`^3F]T
M92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG)FYB



]


]
T1R



]

]



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@

]



RPP




M-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#
Y
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4





M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R
M
RP@
C`Q

]



]




]



]

]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;F]T97




]
T1T97AT



]




]

M





;V%N(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P-@D)


P-@D)
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]




]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P


]




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B


]




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='DL('9O;&%T86QI='D@

]







T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



M


]
T1N=6UP/C@N



]


]
M









]




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B





]

M;7`^



]


]




BPU


BPU









]
T1N=6UP/C4L

]




]
M










]
T1N=6UP/C(W-BXP
M



]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P86X^


]


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;F]T97
\

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#4P
#QS


]




]





#`E/'-P86X^


]



T1T;W`^1&5R
M:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='DL(&1I=FED96YD(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]




]





]
T1N=6UP/C@N
#`E/'-P






]
M




]

3`Y+#4P



]
M

]







]
T1N=6UP/C@N

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C
L.3@X+#4W


]
T1R

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#(U


]
T1T97AT






]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C`N





M
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'





T1T;W`^3F]T92!I

]
T1N
M=6UP/C@N



]


M







]
T1N=6UP/C`N




]
T1N=6UP/C0X
BXP





]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L92`Q,!;365M8F5R

]

















]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]
T1N=6UP/C4Q-RXP


]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N



]






]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3@U+#
X
M


]



]


]
T1R



]


M871I=F4@;&EA8FEL:71Y+!D:79I9&5N9!R871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

C
N



]





]


M;V-E961S(&9R;VT@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;F]T97


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#4P



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]


]

]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N






]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P

]





]
T1R

]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]




T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L






]
T1N=6UP/C8N
M

M;7`^-BXP


]

]

]
T1T97AT







]
T1R






M;7`^
S4N


S4N

]
M



#`L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!A;6]U;G0\+W1D

]


]
M



]





]
T1R;SX-





]


M/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;F]T97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C8N
#`E/'-P

M



]


]


]








]


]
T1N=6UP/CDR







M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^-#`P+#`P


]




]


#`E


]






]


M;F]T97



]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]

]
T1T97AT/D%P


]



CQS



]

]
T1N=6UP/C


]






T1T;W`^1&5R


]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P86X^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y.2XP




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV




]





T1T;W`^
M4')O8V5E9'


RPP



]
T1R;SX-


]


]


]





]
T1R93X-

]

M8FEL:71Y+!V;VQA=&%L:71Y(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C`N



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#
Y
E\R-#AD
M-C
T
&$T


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^2F]S97!H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

S4L
#`P



]

]






]

M


]
T1T







]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-3`L



]


RPW-3`L
#`P


]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/CDL




]


]


M


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P


]








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


3@V
M838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V






]

T1)1#!%0T)*


]

]
M

]
T1T




B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

SXP($UO;G1H

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^



T0Q/CPO

CDL(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`R
2P@
C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y397`N

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


3`L(#(P

@6TUE

M
2P@
C`Q


]


S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

3`L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4V5R:65S($$@4')E




M-BP@
C`Q



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


C
L
M(#(P


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^4V5R
M:65S($


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

]




]
T1N=6UP/C0W-2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P

M+#`P

#`L



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]





]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\


]



#`P
M

#`P

#`P




]





]



]



]
M




]



]


]





]



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P

]
M







#`L
#`P+#`P


M






]


#`P


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M



#`P


#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#`P
3QS










M96UE;G0@:6YV97-T;W)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M





]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]





]






]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C4V
M+#DX


]






]



]



]
T1T





]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



M


]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C(V+#4P


]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
T1T



#`L






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M+#`P


]





]





]









]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]



]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M.#`P+#`P


]








]




]
T1T




]




M8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


]
T1T97AT




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]




]
T1T


#`L




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]


@:7-S


]





]



]



]


M

]
T1T




]





]




]

]
T1T97AT




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]


@9G)O;2`R+#DP


CDL
#






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]







]




]
T1T





]





]





]



]



]




]


S




]


34P/'-P86X^


M+#`P


]



]



]




]


C@R+#DX



T1T;W`^

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M+#(V


]





]





]





]



]




T1T;W`^4W1O



]





]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^



]

PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]



]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]





]

M
BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%N9`Q('-H





]




]
M




]



]


@0B!S=&]C


]



]

M97


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]




]

]
T1T97AT




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



#`L




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]





@
M97AP:7)A=&EO;B!D871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M




]



]



]
T1T97AT/D]C=`R.2P-@D)


M


]





]



]




]
M




]



]



]


M-#`L



]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]

XP,4\



]
T1T




]



]
T1P


]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
B!Y96%R


]



]




&0Q
M7S@S.3)?
C0X9#8S-#!A-#`Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V8W
3@V838U7V1A83=?-#!D
5\X
SDR7S(T.&0V
S0P830P.2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5(4T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$S(%M-96UB
M97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

RPS




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$S
RPS



]
T1N



]



]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

]





]


M8V4L($5X97)C:7-A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





M
&0Q7S@S.3)?

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L




]




M;7`^
S0N







M-S$X-F$V-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#
Y
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M(&-O;'-P86X]




]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
M.#

]



M-5]D86$W7S0P9#%?.#
Y
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T

M;G1E;G0]

^

M(&]F($5F9F5C=&EV92!);F-O;64@5&%X97


]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



T1T;W`^17AP
M96-T960@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D@*#,T)2D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W-2PX
M
C




]



M9VX]

S0N

S0N

M.#
Y
E\R-#AD-C
T
&$T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]


]
T1R;SX-



V.2PV
#






M
&0Q7S@S.3)?

O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P-2P@
C`Q


M8BX@
C@L(#(P


#$T/&)R

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q
BP@


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`P-P@


]

]


RPW-3`L



]




]
T1N=6UP/C4P

]
T1R


]




]
T1T







]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-30S


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#$P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#4P+#`P


]
T1T





]

3




3

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@
M
C

]









]


3`L




]


#

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]


#(R/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


M=&]C:R!S:&%R97


]


]




]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S:&%R97


]
M





]


]


]





#`P/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


]



BPU


#QS

]
T1T97AT




&0Q7S@S
M.3)?





M93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH

`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        



          

        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 repairs
 rentals
 and service contract costs. This item also includes equipment purchases which do not qualify for capitalization in accordance with the entity's accounting policy. This item may also include furniture expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        

743)


        

896


        

604)


        

549




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

192

192


        
        
        


        

841

841


        

013)

013)


Property and equipment
 net
        
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














Stock issued during period
 shares
        

733
764
        


        
        

600

500


        
        

676
958

752
315



          

        
        
        


        

917
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


        

748
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

750
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock issued during period
 shares

150

800
000

357
150


        
        

200

103


        
        
        
        


        
        

600

602


        

491
        
        


Remaining balance of the stock payable
 shares
        

378
310

178
310


        
        

648

318


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        



 Inc. was incorporated in the
State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes and reorganizations. In November
1997 the Company moved its domicile to the State of Nevada. Through 2008 several additional name changes were made. On August 21
2008
 the Company changed its name to Hybid Hospitality
 Inc.


 2011
 Stakool entered into
a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation (&#147;Anthus Life&#148;).


 2011
 Stakool and Anthus
Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding
shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange for scheduled payments
 totaling
$350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &#147;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&#148;). The parties amended the
Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance of an additional 2
650
000
shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of Sale and Purchase and
 as of
December 31
 2012
 $355
000 has been paid.


Nevada on June 4
 2009. Anthus was a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products packaged for consumer consumption.
The Company had one product line in the natural food category. In 2013 the Company terminated its production of products due to
a lack of working capital. However as additional funds have been secured by the new management team
 production will resume in
the near future.


 2013 all officers and directors
resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director. On April 20
2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk joined the Company and was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse
 who continued as
a Director
 assumed the title of Chief Financial Officer.


 2013 the Company
completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2
903
888
889
to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole
share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split.


 2013 the name of the
Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from
four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).


Georgia and currently in the process of developing new health frood products and seeking acquisition opportunities.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

962)

787)


Total convertible notes outstanding
 net

615

013



          

        
        


        
        

000



          

        
        


        

000

000



          

        
        


        
        

500



          

        
        


        
        

500



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        

500
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        
        

800



          

        
        


        

500
        



          

        
        


        

077
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

500
        



          

        
        


        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 13
 16
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

549
239

369
603


        

549
239)

369
603)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

335
        


        

335
        


Property
 net
        
        


        
        

700


        

335

866


        
        
        


        

797

395


        

600
        


        

358

451


        

615

013


        

000
        


        

549
        


        

000
        


        

648

318


        

567

321


Common stock - par value $0.00001 475
000
000 shares authorized
 62
676
958 and 33
752
315 shares outstanding
 respectively.
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

500)


        

704
649

328
926


        

608
511)

969
422)


        

232)

455)


        

335

866



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 accounted for under the fair value method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which typically serves as security against failure by the transferor to perform under terms of an agreement.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Preferred stock
 per share
        




        
          

        
          
            

 per share.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






































 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



Common stock
 shares authorised
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued during period for services
 shares
        
        
        
        

750
000
        
        
        
        

000

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

256
982

813
000
        
        

256
982
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        


Stock issued during period for deferred services
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued during period for stock based compensation
 shares
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


Stock held in treasury
 retired
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

785
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued during the period for conversion of notes payable
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

676
129

220
        
        

676
129
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 converted
 convertible notes payable principal and accrued interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

443
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued during period to unrelated party
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued during period for cash
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding
common shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

917
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

733
764
        
        
        
        
        
        

150

800
000

357
150
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

980
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

260
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued during period for services
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        

570
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

257

070
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock based compensation
 description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
000 shares of common stock and 1 share of convertible
preferred B stock to an officer and director that has been classified as stock
based compensation
        
        
        

Preferred B stock previously issued to a director

Quirk when he joined the Company
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

Mr. Kevin Quirk became CEO of the Company Mr. Canouse transferred 1 share of
the Preferred Series B stock to Mr. Quirk.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cancellation of treasury stock
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

334

000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

				 2015

				 2015

				 2015
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

099

600

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 additional paid in capital (APIC) and retained earnings of common and preferred stock retired from treasury when treasury stock is accounted for under the cost method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

outstanding as of December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted September 26
 2013
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 21
 2013
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 29
 2013
    
    
133
334
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2013
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) - Schedule of Stock Warrants Outstanding (Details) (Warrant [Member]
 USD $)

        
        
        

      










 2013






 2013






 2013






Shares Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

533
334
        
        
        
        


Shares
 Granted
        
        

000
000

000

334


Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance

533
334
        
        
        
        


        

533
334
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2013

          



 2013

          



 2011

          



Number of common stock shares received on sale and purchase agreement
 issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

588
470


Number of common stock shares received on sale and purchase agreement
 outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

388
470


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


Stock issued under sale and purchase for aggrement
 amount
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

650
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stockholders equity
 reverse split

 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding
common shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued during period
 reverse stock split

039
066
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorised
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
000

000
000
000

000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent
 at fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amount.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

084)

384
983)


        
        
        


        

625

013


        

347)
        


        

296
        


        

508)

750)


        
        

450


        
        

688


        

600

500


        

500
        


        

912
        


        

570

062
015


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

242


Non-cash interest expense
 net
        
        


        
        
        


        

700
        


        

000
        


        

600
        


        
        

211


        
        
        


        
        

831


        
        

263


        
        

925


        

598)

601


        

065

345


        

753)

022)


        
        
        


        

250)
        


        

000

800


        

000

000


        

750

800


        

997

222)


        
        

560


        

335
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

199

000


        
        

250


        
        

917


        
        

500


        
        

800


        

500

193


        

600

430




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

180

180
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014 the Company issued 500
000
shares of common stock to a service provider for services rendered. An expense of $2
950.00 was recorded for this transaction.


 2014 the Company issued 2
664
000
shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4
000 face
value plus accrued interest of $103. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0015 as provided by the
note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued 5
050
000
shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $10
100 face value
plus accrued interest of $66. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.002 as provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued 2
804
000
shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $7
000
face value plus accrued interest of $560. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0026 as provided
by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued 3
666
667
shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note issued under a consulting agreement with
a former officer.


 2014 the Company issued 3
010
000
shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $5
400 principal
plus accrued interest of $620. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.002 as provided by the note
agreement..


 2014 the Company issued 2
543
235
shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated March 05
 2013 for $5
000
principal. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0019 as provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued 1
792
813
shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4
000
principal. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0022 as provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued 8
000
000
shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with Ironridge Global
 previous discussed. The stock was recorded
at $56
000 but had a fair market value of $80
000. The Company recorded a loss on this issuance of $24
000.


 together with certain other parties (collectively
the &#147;Defendants&#148;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton Hall
 LLC
Richard Maher and Patrick O&#146;Loughlin (collectively
 the &#147;Plaintiffs&#148;). On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs filed
a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including securities fraud and breach
of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file an answer with the United States
District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against the Plaintiffs. The Company is continuing to vigorously
defend itself against this lawsuit and in March 2014 has retained an attorney in Nevada to pursue the matter.


 we are not currently
involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or
any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&#146;s
or our Company&#146;s subsidiaries&#146; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.


 the Company
has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2013 to the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and
has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

391


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

707
673
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP accounting&#148;). The
Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.


        
        



include the financial statements of the Fresh Promise Foods Inc.
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Anthus Life Corp. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.


        
        



all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the
Company had $33
335 and $338 cash
 respectively.


        
        



 Statement
of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&#147;Indirect
method&#148;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting
net loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating
cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are
included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.


        
        



are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market
rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.


        
        



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
        



under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value
hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires
disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting
guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active
market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity is required to measure fair value using one or more of
the techniques provided for in this update.


hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may
be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:


for identical assets and liabilities.


than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted
prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.


inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers factors specific to the asset
or liability.


with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#148; and ASC 815
 &#147;Derivatives
and Hedging&#148;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease
in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions
between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over all fair value of the financial instruments.
In addition
 the fair value of free standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the
Black-Scholes model.


its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value as their fair value were determined
by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#146;s derivative liabilities are adjusted
to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations
as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.


at December 31
 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value
hierarchy. As required
 these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
156
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
156
549
    

    
    
    
156
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
156
549
    



value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(359
743
    

    
    
    
835
896
    

    
    
    
(319
604
    

    
    
    
156
549
    




        
        



natural and organic food products
 wrappers and boxes
 and were stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost was determined on
the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the company maintained
no inventory.


        
        



consisted of billings to customers for products invoiced and shipped and one temporary cash advance to a related party. The Company
charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts was zero
at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the year ended December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012 was zero and $462 respectively.


        
        



assets. Previously assets were depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 three to seven years using the straight-line method
of depreciation for book purposes.


        
        



in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#147;Earnings Per Share.&#148; The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during
each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or loss per share is computed using the weighted
average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares are additional common
shares assumed to be exercised.


share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Diluted earnings
per share is calculated by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had convertible
notes and warrants outstanding that could be converted into approximately 91
935
386 common shares based up the closing bid price
of the company&#146;s common stock at December 31
 2013.


        
        



sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.
The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable
and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has
been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured.


        
        




Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services
are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments
such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50

to Non-Employees.
is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based
payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.


December 31
 2013 and 2012 totaled $29
570 and $3
062
015
 respectively.


        
        



of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards

Standards Codification&#153; 
and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not
have a material impact on the Company&#146;s present or future financial statements.


        
        



pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#148; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.&#160;


the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management
has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2013. Tax returns for tax years 2012
 2011
 and 2010 remain subject
to IRS examination under the three year statute of limitations.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

435
        


        

515)
        

491)
        


        

451)
        

056)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

818
        

201
        


        

609
        
        
        


        
        
        

445
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

070
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

965
        
        
        


        

405
        

779
        


        

125
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

570
        

062
015
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

524
        

934
440
        


        

975)
        

953
496)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

000)
        

750)
        


        

347)
        
        
        


        

296
        
        
        


        

625
        

013
        


        
        
        

688
        


        
        
        

242
        


        

600
        

500
        


        
        
        

450
        


        

886
        

344
        


        

109
        

431
487
        


        

084)
        

384
983)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

084)
        

384
983)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

481
275
        

643
346
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the exchange of information by several methods.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 includes dividends associated with redeemable preferred stock of a subsidiary that is treated as a liability in the parent's consolidated balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 rights to use a patent
 copyright
 technology
 manufacturing process
 software or trademark.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2012
 The Company entered
into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes the balance of the Note Payable
for the acquisition of Fresh PROMISE FOODS Inc. by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging costs and
certain manufacturing costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Pursuant to an order approving stipulation for
settlement of claims between Ironridge and the Company
 Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million common shares plus that number
of shares with an aggregate value equal to $332
748
 divided by 70% of the following: the volume weighted average price of the
issuer&#146;s common stock over that number of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt required for the aggregate
trading volume to exceed $1.75 million
 not to exceed the arithmetic average of the individual daily volume weighted average prices
of any five trading days during such period.


any shares of common stock that would cause it to be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99% of the Company&#146;s total outstanding
shares at any one time. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares
 and may be required to return or be entitled
to receive shares
 based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes of calculating the percent of class
the initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 875
491 shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
issuance of shares to Ironridge
 such that 97
150 shares issued would represent approximately 9.99% of the outstanding common
stock after such issuance. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 Ironridge received 17
800
000 and additional 5
357
150
shares respectively
 which were recorded at $234
200 and $354
103 respectively. For the same periods the company recorded losses
on these transactions of $109
600 and $316
602 respectively. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the balance of shares due Ironridge
Global was 24
378
310 and 42
178
310 respectively
 which was recorded at values of $170
648 and $295
318 respectively. Carrying
value of amounts due under this agreement are computed by multiplying the percentage of total shares due issued to Ironridge times
the initial value of the obligation recorded in 2012. In connection with the transaction
 Ironridge agreed not to hold any short
position in the issuer&#146;s common stock
 and not to engage in or affect
 directly or indirectly
 any short sale until at least
180 days after the end of the calculation period.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        



cost. The Company depreciates the equipment using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the equipment. The useful lives
are estimated to be between 3 and 7 years. Depreciation expense was $200 and $483 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. The Company determined that the office equipment located at its previous office location in Jacksonville
 Florida
was impaired and not worth relocating to the new office. An expense for this equipment was recorded of $628 for the year ended
December 31
 2013. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
192
    
    
    
1
192
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
841
    
    
    
1
841
    

    
    
    
(1
013
    
    
    
(1
013
    

Property and equipment
 net.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

consists of the following for the years 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
179
636
    
    
    
1
830
894
    

    
    
    
(179
636
    
    
    
(1
830
894
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

rate of 34% to the Company&#146;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(217
289
    
    
    
(1
830
894
    

    
    
    
41
466
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
175
823
    
    
    
1 
830
894
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

rate of 34% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31
 2013 and 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
549
239
    
    
    
2
369
603.00
    

    
    
    
(2
549
239
    
    
    
(2
369
603.00
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

at December 31
 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value
hierarchy. As required
 these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
156
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
156
549
    

    
    
    
156
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
156
549
    




        
        

value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(359
743
    

    
    
    
835
896
    

    
    
    
(319
604
    

    
    
    
156
549
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  Where the quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available
 the Level 1 input is the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 8 &#150;STOCKHOLDERS&#146;
EQUITY (DEFICIT)


Articles of Incorporation with the state of Nevada on July 23
 2012 to change the designation of its capital and preferred stock
as follows. The authorized common stock of the Company consist of 4
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also
has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred A stock authorized
 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized
and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid
in capital accounts on its balance sheet at September 30
 2012 for common and Preferred A stocks.






has voting rights equal to four times the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 
all shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 the number of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting.


Board
 the Board issued an aggregate of two (2) shares of Series B Preferred
&#148;).
As a result of the voting rights granted to the Series B Preferred
 the Series B Stockholders together hold in the aggregate approximately
80% of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the Company.




rights of one vote per share owned. The Preferred C stock is convertible into common stock of the Company at the rate of 0.10 per
common share for each share of Preferred C stock. The holders of Series C Preferred stock are entitled to receive any dividend
declared by the Board of Directors.


 2012
the Company issued 19
500 shares of restricted common stock to initial private placement investors in Anthus Life per terms of
their subscription agreements.


 2012
the Company issued 36
500 shares of common stock and 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock to consultants for services.
The Company also issued 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock to a consultant for deferred services.


 2012
he Company issued 26
500 shares of common stock to the former management per the acquisition agreement.


 2012
the Company issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock
 35
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock and 1 share of Convertible
Preferred B stock to related parties that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012.


 2012
 the Company retired
358
785 shares of common stock held in treasury at December 31
 2011.


 2012
the Company converted five convertible notes payable from non-related parties along with the accrued interest for a total of $93
443
into 4
113
547 shares of its common stock. The Company also issued 100
000 shares of common stock for $2
000 to a non-related party.


 2012
the Company issued 5
200 shares of preferred C stock for $13
000 in cash.


 2012
 the Company entered
into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes the balance of the Note Payable
for the acquisition of Stakool by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging costs and certain manufacturing
costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued an additional 5
260
000 shares of unrestricted common
stock to Ironridge.


 2012
 the Company filed
a Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form S-8 registered 4
000
000 shares of its common stock in connection
with the Company&#146;s 2012 Incentive Stock Plan.


 the
Company issued 282
980 shares of the Company&#146;s Convertible Preferred C stock. The stock was issued as an addendum to the
subscription agreements associated with the open private placement investments made by various investors between fiscal year 2009
and 2011.


 2012 the Company issued
3
750
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to various consultants for services. The Company registered the common
stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on September 14
 2012.


 2012 the Company issued
500
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to Asher Enterprise
 Inc. at a value of $15
000. The shares were issued
as principal reduction to a Promissory Note dated January 16
 2012 between the Company and a non-related party.


 2012
the Company issued 150
000 shares of restricted common stock to initial private placement investors in Anthus Life per terms of
their subscription agreements.


 2012
the Company retired 10
000
000 shares of its Preferred A stock
 which accounted for all of the issued and outstanding Preferred
A Stock.


Articles of Incorporation with the state of Nevada on November 5
 2013 to change the designation of its capital and preferred stock
as follows:


consist of 475
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred
C stock authorized and 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized.
 and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value
Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in capital accounts on its balance sheet at
September 30
 2013 for common and Preferred A stocks.


 2013
the Company issued 48
733
764 shares of common stock and cancelled 20
000
000 shares of common stock.


 2013
the Company issued 2
256
982 shares of common stock to service providers
 28
676
129 shares of common stock in conjunction with
the conversion of promissory notes
 17
800
000 shares of common stock in to IronRidge Global under an agreement previous described
in this filing
 and 653 shares of common stock in conjunction with the rounding of shares produced by the reverse stock split previously
described in this filing.


 2013
the former CEO of the Company transferred 2 shares of Preferred Series B to Mr. Joseph C. Canouse when he assumed the positions
of President and CEO. Subsequently
 when Mr. Kevin Quirk became CEO of the Company Mr. Canouse transferred 1 share of the Preferred
Series B stock to Mr. Quirk.


of previous reported treasury stock with a book value of $208.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on September 26
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $140
000 using the Black-Sholes option &#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 720%
 and an expected life of two years.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 400
000 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 21
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $5
600 using the Black-Sholes option &#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 598%
 and an expected life of two years.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 133
334 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 29
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $3
099 using the Black-Sholes option &#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
rate of 0.011 %
 volatility factor of 599%
 and an expected life of two years.


outstanding as of December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted September 26
 2013
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 21
 2013
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 29
 2013
    
    
133
334
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2013
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 6 &#150; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE
NOTES PAYABLE


31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On December 10
 2011 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$6
000. The note is non-interest bearing and is secured by common &#160;stock of the Company. The note was convertible into common stock at the par value of the common stock. The note holder has forgiven this indebtedness.
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$50
000. The note bears interest at 10% and is secured by &#160;common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was &#160;converted to 2
639
327 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features of other notes
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fullfill all conversion obligations. Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0013
 volatility of 597%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
20
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On August 15
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. 

 volatility of 286%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. 

888
889 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 5
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &#160;a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. 

 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. 

388
537 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
500
    




On February 6
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $10
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during a 90 day period prior to &#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &#160;conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. The note was converted into 1
677
060 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$45
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is unsecured. &#160;The loan matures March 5
 2014 If agreed to by the Company
 the note may be amended to allow it to be converted into common stock of the Company at a discount rate to be determined.
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 13
 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for &#160;services provided totaling $109
500. The notes are payable upon demand. The notes do not earn interest but default interest will be accrued at 12 % &#160;if the Company fails to pay upon demand by the note holder. The notes &#160;can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3)
    
    
109
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $27
500. &#160;The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can
        be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during
        a 90 day period prior to &#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &#160;conversion price.
        Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this
        note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of
        .0012
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

        a cash payment of $10
250. The remaining portion of the note was converted to 3
988
570 shares of common stock of Company in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $22
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
        price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than
        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 482%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

840
961
        shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        to common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
        price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than
        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0014
 volatility of 517%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 a third party purchased
        a portion of a convertible note of the Company previously issued to another party. The note had a value of &#160;$22
800 and was
        convertible into to common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion
        price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is
        reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 323%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

185
380
        shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
800
    






 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $15
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 10 day trading
        price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than
        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 580%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
15
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On September 11
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8
077
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
    
    
23
077
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On September 26
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $75
000. The note bears interest at 6 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures March 26
 2014. &#160;On September 30
 2013 the note was converted into 3
846
154 shares of common stock at a discount of 35% off the average bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to this feature we recorded a liability of $40
835. The note also provided for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock by &#160;execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of this note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lowest selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method &#160;to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest Rate of .0012
 volatility of 596%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





On October 21
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $7
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 21
 2014. On November 19
 2013 the note was converted into 923
077 shares of common stock of the Company. The note was convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 400
000 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 598%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 29
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 599%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        into common stock 180 days after issuance. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price.
        The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is
        reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 586%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
53
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(60
962
    
    
    
(5
787
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible notes outstanding
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
228
615
    
    
    
108
013
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2012
the Company issued 2
000
000
000 shares of common stock and 1 share of convertible preferred B stock to an officer and director
that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012. The Company also recorded consulting
expense paid to this director of $50
000 for the year ended December 31
 2012. In 2013 the 2
000
000
000 shares (20
000
000 post-reverse
split) were transferred to Joseph Canouse and subsequently cancelled.


 2012
the Company issued 35
000 shares of convertible preferred C stock for services rendered to related parties.


Canouse received the 1 share of convertible Preferred B stock previously issued to a director. Also
 during the year ended December
31
 2013
 the Company issued 1 additional shares of convertible preferred B stock to Mr. Quirk when he joined the Company. The
stock has no par value and is not traded publicly.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014 the Company issued
500
000 shares of common stock to a service provider for services rendered. An expense of $2
950.00 was recorded for this transaction.


 2014 the Company issued
2
664
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013 for $4
000
face value plus accrued interest of $103. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0015 as provided
by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
5
050
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $10
100
face value plus accrued interest of $66. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.002 as provided by
the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
2
804
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013
for $7
000 face value plus accrued interest of $560. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0026 as
provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
3
666
667 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a promissory note issued under a consulting agreement
with a former officer.


 2014 the Company issued
3
010
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated July 23
 2013 for $5
400
principal plus accrued interest of $620. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.002 as provided by
the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
2
543
235 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated March 05
 2013
for $5
000 principal. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0019 as provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
1
792
813 shares of common stock in conjunction with the partial conversion of a portion of a promissory note dated June 4
 2013
for $4
000 principal. The conversion price of the stock issued in this transaction was $0.0022 as provided by the note agreement..


 2014 the Company issued
8
000
000 shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with Ironridge Global
 previous discussed. The stock
was recorded at $56
000 but had a fair market value of $80
000. The Company recorded a loss on this issuance of $24
000.


 together with certain other parties
(collectively
 the &#147;Defendants&#148;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton
Hall
 LLC
 Richard Maher and Patrick O&#146;Loughlin (collectively
 the &#147;Plaintiffs&#148;). On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs
filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including securities fraud and
breach of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file an answer with the United
States District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against the Plaintiffs. The Company is continuing
to vigorously defend itself against this lawsuit and in March 2014 has retained an attorney in Nevada to pursue the matter.


 we are not
currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of
our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries
or of our Company&#146;s or our Company&#146;s subsidiaries&#146; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which
an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.


 the
Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2013 to the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



Stock issued during period for stock based compensation
 shares
        

000
000
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        


Stock based compensation
 description
        
        
        

000
000
000 shares of common stock and 1 share of convertible
preferred B stock to an officer and director that has been classified as stock
based compensation

Preferred B stock previously issued to a director

Quirk when he joined the Company
        
        
        
        
        

Mr. Kevin Quirk became CEO of the Company Mr. Canouse transferred 1 share of
the Preferred Series B stock to Mr. Quirk.


        
        
        

818

201
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares

750
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On December 10
 2011 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$6
000. The note is non-interest bearing and is secured by common &#160;stock of the Company. The note was convertible into common stock at the par value of the common stock. The note holder has forgiven this indebtedness.
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$50
000. The note bears interest at 10% and is secured by &#160;common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was &#160;converted to 2
639
327 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features of other notes
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fullfill all conversion obligations. Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0013
 volatility of 597%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
20
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On August 15
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. 

 volatility of 286%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. 

888
889 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 5
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $32
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &#160;a 30 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. 

 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. 

388
537 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
500
    




On February 6
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $10
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during a 90 day period prior to &#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &#160;conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %. The note was converted into 1
677
060 shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$45
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is unsecured. &#160;The loan matures March 5
 2014 If agreed to by the Company
 the note may be amended to allow it to be converted into common stock of the Company at a discount rate to be determined.
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 13
 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for &#160;services provided totaling $109
500. The notes are payable upon demand. The notes do not earn interest but default interest will be accrued at 12 % &#160;if the Company fails to pay upon demand by the note holder. The notes &#160;can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3)
    
    
109
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $27
500. &#160;The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can
        be converted to common stock at a discount of 60% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest trading price during
        a 90 day period prior to &#160;conversion unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the &#160;conversion price.
        Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company had recorded a derivative liability for this
        note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of
        .0012
 volatility of 276%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

        a cash payment of $10
250. The remaining portion of the note was converted to 3
988
570 shares of common stock of Company in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $22
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
        price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than
        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 482%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

840
961
        shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        to common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
        price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than
        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0014
 volatility of 517%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 a third party purchased
        a portion of a convertible note of the Company previously issued to another party. The note had a value of &#160;$22
800 and was
        convertible into to common stock of the Company. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion
        price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is
        reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 323%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.

185
380
        shares of common stock in 2013.
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
800
    






 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $15
500. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 10 day trading
        price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than
        the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 580%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
15
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On September 11
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for &#160;$15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8
077
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
    
    
23
077
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On September 26
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $75
000. The note bears interest at 6 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures March 26
 2014. &#160;On September 30
 2013 the note was converted into 3
846
154 shares of common stock at a discount of 35% off the average bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to this feature we recorded a liability of $40
835. The note also provided for the purchase of 4
000
000 shares of common stock by &#160;execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of this note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lowest selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method &#160;to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest Rate of .0012
 volatility of 596%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





On October 21
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $7
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 21
 2014. On November 19
 2013 the note was converted into 923
077 shares of common stock of the Company. The note was convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 400
000 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .001
 volatility of 598%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 29
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur
 the warrant purchase price shall be reduced to the lower selling price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability due to this provision. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with &#160;the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .0011
 volatility of 599%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2013 the Company executed
        a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
        into common stock 180 days after issuance. The note can be converted to common stock at a discount of 45% off the conversion price.
        The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a &#160;&#160;a 10 days period prior to conversion
        unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is
        reduced to that lower price.

        liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free
        Interest rate of .0012
 volatility of 586%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0 %.
    
    
53
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(60
962
    
    
    
(5
787
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible notes outstanding
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
228
615
    
    
    
108
013
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

335
        

560


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property and equipemnt
 estimated useful life
        
        
        


        

935
386
        
        


        

570

062
015
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



        

750
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        

570
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

950


Stock issued during the period for conversion of notes payable
 shares
        
        
        
        

792
813

543
235

666
667

010
000

804
000

050
000

664
000
        


Debt instrument
 issuance date
        
        
        
        

				04
				 2013

				05
				 2013
        

				 2013

				04
				 2013

				 2013

				04
				 2013
        


Stock issued during the period for conversion of notes payable
 value
        

199

110
        

000

000
        

400

000

000

000
        


Debt instrument 
 accrued interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

600

430

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

600

500

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

312

000
        
        

638

556
450
        

584
439)

961


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011

118

000
000
        
        
        

445
        
        

515


        

070
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares

813
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

965
        
        
        
        

965)
        
        
        


Correction of shares outstanding
 shares

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

422
        
        
        
        

688
        
        

110


Stock issued for debt conversion
 shares

220
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

900
        
        

000


Stock issued for note payable sweetener
 shares

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

879)

879
        
        
        


        

975
        
        
        
        

643
        
        

618


Stock issued against stock payable
 shares

357
150
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

775)

900)
        
        

551)

226
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

500

500)
        

000


Preferred C stock issued for services
 shares
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        

580
000
        
        

600
000


Common stock issued to director for control
 shares

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        

000


Preferred C stock issued for cash at $2.50 per share
 shares
        
        
        

200
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

939
        
        
        
        

393
        
        

332


Common stock issued for debt conversion
 shares

939
327
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        

500)


        
        
        
        
        
        

242
        
        

242


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Retired Preferred Series A stock
 shares
        

000
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

800
        
        

800


        
        
        
        
        
        

447
        
        

450


Preferred C stock issued to prior stockholders as a loyalty gift
 shares
        
        
        

980
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

384
983)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

008
        
        
        
        

296
248

500)

969
422)

455)


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012

752
315
        
        

180
        
        
        
        
        


        

257
        
        
        
        

313
        
        

570


Stock issued for services
 shares

256
982
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Adjust of prior period
shares

879
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

066)
        
        
        
        

066
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        

000


        
        
        
        
        
        

500)

500
        
        


Cancellation of service contracts
 shares
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        


        

000)
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


Cancellation of stock issued to management
shares

000
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Fractional shares issued in reverse stock split
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        

000


Preferred Stock sold for cash
 shares
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        

989
        
        
        
        

210
        
        

199


Stock issued for debt conversion
 shares

676
129
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

504
        
        
        
        

766
        
        

270


Stock issued under financing agreement
 shares

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

084)

084)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        
        
        
        
        

704
649
        

608
511)

232)


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013

676
958
        
        

180
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 3 &#150; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES




accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP accounting&#148;). The Company
has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.




include the financial statements of the Fresh Promise Foods Inc.
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Anthus Life Corp. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.




highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company
had $33
335 and $338 cash
 respectively.




 Statement
of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
 investing
or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&#147;Indirect
method&#148;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net
loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating
cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are
included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.




are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market
rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.




in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value
hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires
disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting
guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active
market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity is required to measure fair value using one or more of
the techniques provided for in this update.


hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may
be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:


for identical assets and liabilities.


than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted
prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.


inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers factors specific to the asset
or liability.


with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#148; and ASC 815
 &#147;Derivatives
and Hedging&#148;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease
in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions
between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over all fair value of the financial instruments.
In addition
 the fair value of free standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the
Black-Scholes model.


its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value as their fair value were determined
by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#146;s derivative liabilities are adjusted
to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations
as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.


at December 31
 2013
 which is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value
hierarchy. As required
 these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
156
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
156
549
    

    
    
    
156
549
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
156
549
    



value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(359
743
    

    
    
    
835
896
    

    
    
    
(319
604
    

    
    
    
156
549
    





natural and organic food products
 wrappers and boxes
 and were stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost was determined on the
average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the company maintained
no inventory.




consisted of billings to customers for products invoiced and shipped and one temporary cash advance to a related party. The Company
charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts was zero
at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the year ended December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012 was zero and $462 respectively.




assets. Previously assets were depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 three to seven years using the straight-line method
of depreciation for book purposes.




in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#147;Earnings Per Share.&#148; The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during
each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or loss per share is computed using the weighted
average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares are additional common
shares assumed to be exercised.


is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Diluted earnings per
share is calculated by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number
of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of
shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had convertible notes and
warrants outstanding that could be converted into approximately 91
935
386 common shares based up the closing bid price of the
company&#146;s common stock at December 31
 2013.




sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.
The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable
and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been
shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured.





Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services
are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments
such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50

to Non-Employees.
is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based
payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.


December 31
 2013 and 2012 totaled $29
570 and $3
062
015
 respectively.




of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards

Codification&#153; 
to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material
impact on the Company&#146;s present or future financial statements.




pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#148; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.&#160;


the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management
has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2013. Tax returns for tax years 2012
 2011
 and 2010 remain subject
to IRS examination under the three year statute of limitations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

549
        


        

549
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

549
        


        

549
        




        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    







 2012


 2012

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

636

830
894


        

636)

830
894)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        

the following at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
192
    
    
    
1
192
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
841
    
    
    
1
841
    

    
    
    
(1
013
    
    
    
(1
013
    

Property and equipment
 net.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













