

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001721868-19-000126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190321
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880393257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24723
		FILM NUMBER:		19696739
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3416 SHADYBROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			MIDWEST CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-703-4659
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3416 SHADYBROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			MIDWEST CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73110
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAKOOL
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091230
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mod Hospitality
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080926
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSPP HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070122








     



UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2017



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



Fresh
    Promise Foods Inc.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)


Commission
file number: 00-24723

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
(Name
of small business issuer in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
File
    Number)
    
Identification
    Number)


3416
Shadybrook Drive
Midwest
City
 Oklahoma 73110
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(561)
703-4659
(Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Common
Stock
 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.[&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

    
    
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30
 2017
 was
$733
818. As of March 2`
 2019
 the registrant had 8
809
999
998 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001; and 10
000
000
shares of its Preferred A Series stock.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE




    
    



TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
Page
    No.

PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors.
    
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings.
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data.
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
    
    

Item
    7A
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in And Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures.
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation.
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statements Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
following cautionary statements identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements made in this amended. Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) and in other
reports and documents published by us from time to time. Any statements about our beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 expectations
 assumptions
future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often
 but not always
made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;are expected
to
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;is anticipated
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimated
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and the like
 constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). However
 as we issue &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 we are ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Given these uncertainties
 readers are cautioned to carefully read all &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth under Item 1A and
not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce
publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect
future events or developments
 except as required by the Exchange Act. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Unless
otherwise provided in this Report
 references to &ldquo;Fresh Promise Foods
 &ldquo;the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Registrant
&rdquo;
the &ldquo;Issuer
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.&nbsp;

    
    


PART
I

Item 1.
Business



History
of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes
and reorganizations. In November 1997
 PLR
 Inc. changed its name to Integrated Carbonics Corp. and moved its domicile to the
State of Nevada. On July 23
 1999
 Integrated Carbonics Corp. changed its name to Urbana.ca
 Inc. (&ldquo;URBA&rdquo;). On April
11
 2003
 URBA changed its name to PSPP Holdings
 Inc. On August 11
 2008
 PSPP Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to Cynosure Holdings
Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada. On August 21
 2008
 the Company
changed its name to Hybid Hospitality
 Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. On December
16
 2009
 the Company changed its name to Stakool
 Inc.

On
June 16
 2011
 Stakool entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Anthus Life&rdquo;).

On
July 20
 2011
 Stakool and Anthus Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares
of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange
for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &ldquo;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&rdquo;).
The parties amended the Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance
of an additional 2
650
000 shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of
Sale and Purchase and
 as of December 31
 2012
 $355
000 has been paid.

Anthus
Life Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. Anthus was a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products
packaged for consumer consumption. The Company had one product line in the natural food category. In 2013 the Company terminated
its production of products due to a lack of working capital. However as additional funds have been secured by the new management
team
 production will resume in the near future.

On
March 15
 2013 all officers and directors resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 and Director.

Effective
August 5
 2013
 the Company completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common
shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were
rounded up to the next whole share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse
stock split.

On
September 26
 2013
 the name of the Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of
authorized shares of common stock from four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy-five million (475
000
000).

On
May 13
 2014
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from four hundred seventy-five million (475
000
000)
to nine hundred seventy-five million (975
000
000).

On
June 2
 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as Chairman of the board of directors and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
and the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary of
the Company. Mr. Kevin P. Quirk was appointed Chairman of the Board.

On
October 16
 2014
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from nine hundred seventy-five million
(975
000
000) to two billion (2
000
000
000).

Effective
January 20
 2015
 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split
for the common stock of Fresh Promise. On December 30
 2014
 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with respect to such 1-for-150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have
been presented to give retroactive effective for this reverse stock split.

On
January 6
 2016
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &ldquo;Release
Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer
and Director and
 in consideration for such resignations and Mr. Quirk&rsquo;s release of the Company from liability
 the Company
released Mr. Quirk from liability.&nbsp;


    
    



On
July 12
 2016
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from two billion (2
000
000
000) to five
billion (5
000
000
000).

On
June 27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement
whereby the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;).
As consideration
 the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed
the distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the
Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan
involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

On
August 23
 2017
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from five billion (5
000
000
000) to nine
billion (9
000
000
000).

On
October 13
 2017
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &ldquo;Release
Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration
for such resignation and Mr. Martin&rsquo;s release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.

Discontinued
Operations

In
light of our legal proceedings involving certain former management of the Company
 we decided to discontinue our business operations
of our wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with our December
31
 2015 consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. In August 2018
 we executed a definitive agreement to sell
and transfer our equity interest in Harvest Soul.

Our
results of operations related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all
years presented. Unless otherwise indicated
 the following discussions in this section (Item 1. Business) pertain only to our
continuing operations. For additional information see Note 3 &mdash; Discontinued Operations to our consolidated financial statements
included in this Form 10-K.

Current
Products
 Potential Product Categories and Extension

Fresh
Promise Foods
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 is a consumer products company focused on the health and wellness food and beverage
sectors. The Company is also a brand acquisition and holding company. It delivers products that provide a better quality of life
by offering health and wellness solutions that make sense and fit into the everyday lives of all consumers. Focused on three key
strategic areas
 Food Technology
 Consumer Products and Value Added
 Fresh Promise Foods sets itself apart from the competition
by marrying innovative technology and product development with perceptive marketing and sales service strategy. Fresh Promise
Foods own and operates subsidiaries in green and energy drink markets. www.drinkgiddyup.com.

Intellectual
Property

The
Company has no registered patents; however
 all of its products are formulated utilizing its own proprietary formulations.

Production
Sources of Raw Materials and the Names of Principal Suppliers

An
experienced core management team has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market. Our strategy includes
establishing a procurement program and working with outside professionals to build our business
 create brands through eco-friendly
packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Marketing
Strategy

The
strategy is to have our brand name strongly associated on all of our distributed products and to focus on finding and developing
the best nutritional supplement product options for North America and beyond.

GIDDY
UP Energy Products is a wholesale manufacturer engaged in marketing and distribution of carbonated and non-carbonated energy drinks
shakes
 energy bars
 and related products. The company was a subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition
 a nutritional supplement company
focused on developing innovative
 high quality supplements. The company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified
and/or FDA registered facilities (visit our website at www.giddyupenergyproducts.com for more information).

Fresh
Promise Foods will strive to become a leader in the quality food and beverage business. We are a mission-driven company that aims
to set the standards of excellence for food manufacturers. We are building a business in which high standards permeate all aspects
of our company and quality ingredients
 the latest food technology and great marketing permeate all aspects of our products.

We
believe that once the consumer tastes our product line
 he or she will become a loyal consumer and will seek out our product because
of the health benefits
 value in price
 quality of the product and the good taste of the product
 thus becoming a returning and
loyal consumer.&nbsp;


    
    


Words
like &ldquo;Natural
&rdquo; &ldquo;clean label
&rdquo; &ldquo;green
&rdquo; &ldquo;eco-friendly&rdquo;
 &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
&ldquo;non GMO&rdquo; and &ldquo;sustainability&rdquo; are the new buzzwords in today&rsquo;s food and beverage industry. Products
and ingredients bearing these tags have created demand among consumers
 and therefore have been significant purchase influencers.
The markets for these natural and naturally derived products are growing at a fast rate
 creating an immense profit potential
for food and beverage manufacturers. The past two decades have witnessed consumers becoming more health conscious and resorting
to preventive measures
 rather than reactionary ones. Functional foods and beverages play a major role in this segment
 promoting
the concept of healthiness-on-the-go. These functional foods and beverages include health ingredients
 which may promote general
health and well- being by preventing certain diseases. However
 the industry also confronts certain challenges in coping with
the demand of natural ingredients used in food and beverage applications
 particularly
 in terms of sustainability.

The
&ldquo;health and wellness&rdquo; mega trend drives the overall natural ingredients market. Increasing incidence of lifestyle-based
disorders
 such as cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)
 obesity
 osteoporosis and diabetes
 has propelled consumers to resort to natural
alternatives. Moreover
 the number of articles and newsletters circulated in media describing the ill-effects of consuming synthetic
ingredients has further cautioned consumers. Consumers perceive natural ingredients as having a positive impact on general health
while synthetic ingredients have certain detrimental effects on health. As a result
 food manufacturers have promptly responded
to the situation by completely replacing or partially replacing synthetic ingredients with their natural counterparts.

It
is becoming clearer that healthy eating is transitioning from a niche market to the mainstream. Health and wellness-focused products
are expanding rapidly
 with eight out of ten of the fastest growing food and beverage categories inextricably linked to consumer
perceptions of health. In 2013
 the market for Health &amp; Nutrition foods at retail value is estimated at $720 billion with
a CAGR of 7.4%. This constituted 24% of the total food market which had an average CAGR of 2.8%. More specifically
 the global
functional food market is expected to show a CAGR of 9.7% during 2014-2017.



Consumer
Product Group (CPG)

This
is where the &ldquo;future value&rdquo; of the company will be derived. We will build and buy companies in the health and wellness
food and beverage space. Acquisition targets that meet our investment criteria share a number of common features:



    
    
A
    concept with substantial
 identifiable consumer demand which can be effectively replicated in multiple markets;

    
    
    

    
    
A
    unique brand asset capability that differentiates the company from its competition;

    
    
    

    
    
Attractive
    business model economics which address specific customer needs and demonstrate operational capabilities to achieve market
    leadership;

    
    
    

    
    
Strong
    management in place with a proven ability to execute a clearly defined strategic business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
A
    strong
 focused and customer-oriented culture;

    
    
    

    
    
Significant
    growth or growth potential and an expansion strategy that is consistent with the company&rsquo;s performance history;

    
    
    

    
    
A
    defensible and extendable position in a growing industry category.


The
perfect start to any workout or activity. This natural energy drink
 bursts with flavor and is packed with healthy essential benefits
such as dietary fiber
 anti-oxidants
 minerals along with vitamin C
 vitamin D
 B12
 B3 and B5. The succulent blend of cherries
and pears is a crisp pick-me up to satisfy and quench your thirst; while keeping your mind focused and alert from the first sip
to the last gulp.



Fresh
Promise is in the energy
 stamina
 health drink industry and there there are multiple competitors across the entire landscape
that take from our &ldquo;share of stomach&rdquo;.



At the present
time
 the Company has one employee.&nbsp;

    
    



Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our
business is subject to numerous risks. We caution you that the following important factors
 among others
 could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the
SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this and
in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make
or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in the discussion below will be important in determining
future results. Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from those
anticipated in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result
of new information
 future events or otherwise. You are advised
 however
 to consult any further disclosure we make in our reports
filed with the SEC.

An
investment in our Company involves a substantial risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before
you make any investment decision regarding our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting
the market in which we operate or that we currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually
materialize
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price
of our common stock could decline.

The
following risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks
but are intended only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable
to our Company and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
the risk factors discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct
with our strategic alliance partners.

Risks
Related to our Business and Industry

THE
COMPANY IS SUBJECT TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN A NEWLY-CREATED BUSINESS

The
Company is subject to substantially all the risks inherent in a newly-created business. As a result of its small size and capitalization
and limited operating history
 the Company is particularly susceptible to adverse effects of changing economic conditions and
consumer tastes
 competition
 and other contingencies or events beyond the control of the Company. It may be more difficult for
the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K than for a
company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these risks successfully
 the
Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may be forced to change dramatically
or even terminate
 its planned operations.

INVESTORS
MAY LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT IF FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC. FAILS TO IMPLEMENT ITS BUSINESS PLAN.

The
Company expects to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties because it is a development-stage company.
The Company has no demonstrable operations record of substance upon which you can evaluate the company&rsquo;s business and prospects.
The Company&rsquo;s prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 uncertainties
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their early stages of development. The Company cannot guarantee that it will be successful in accomplishing its
objectives.

As
of the date of this filing the Company has had only limited start-up operations and has generated minimal revenues. Considering
these facts
 our independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about the company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
in the independent auditors&rsquo; report to the financial statements filed with our Form 10-K. In addition
 the company&rsquo;s
lack of operating capital could negatively affect the value of its common shares and could result in the loss of your entire investment.

WE
HAVE NOT AND DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDEND ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND BECAUSE OF THIS OUR SECURITIES COULD FACE DEVALUATION
IN THE MARKET.

We
have paid no cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and it is not anticipated that any cash dividends will be paid to holders
of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs
of our business operations
 it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our business operations and future
expansion.&nbsp;

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Shifts
in consumer preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in
our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. Also
 our success depends to a significant
extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary
income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty. Any material
decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business
and financial condition.

    
    



FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

The
prices of the main ingredients in our offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices of the various products that we use
to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal fluctuations
 demand
 politics and
economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients that we use in our products could have a
significant adverse effect on our profitability. In addition; higher diesel prices have
 in some cases
 resulted in the imposition
of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel and gasoline prices may affect our supply
costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile commodity prices and to allow greater predictability
in pricing
 we hope to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities
will be successful or that they will not result in our paying substantially more than would have been required absent such activities.
We do not presently have any multi-year pricing agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.

We
may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property
 and may be subject to claims by third parties that we
infringe on their intellectual property.

Our
products are created using proprietary formulations; however
 we have no registered patents. Preventing and policing the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property is often difficult and any steps we take may not
 in every case
 prevent the infringement by
unauthorized third parties. Further
 there can be no assurance that our efforts to enforce our rights and protect our intellectual
property will be successful. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
 which may result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

Further
although management does not believe that our products infringe on the intellectual rights of others
 there is no assurance that
we will not be the target of infringement or other claims. Such claims
 even if not true
 could result in significant legal and
other costs and may be a distraction to our management or interrupt our business.

LITIGATION
AND PUBLICITY CONCERNING PRODUCT QUALITY
 HEALTH AND OTHER ISSUES
 WHICH CAN RESULT IN LIABILITIES AND ALSO CAUSE CONSUMERS TO
AVOID OUR PRODUCTS
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Beverage
and food service businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from consumers or government authorities resulting
from food and beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one retail location
or a limited number of retail locations. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless of whether
the allegations are true
 by discouraging consumers from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
 if
a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result.

BEVERAGE
AND FOOD SAFETY CONCERNS AND INSTANCES OF FOOD-BORNE ILLNESSES COULD HARM OUR CONSUMERS
 RESULT IN NEGATIVE PUBLICITY AND CAUSE
THE TEMPORARY CLOSURE OF SOME CONSUMERS&rsquo; STORES AND
 IN SOME CASES
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF
FRUITS
 ANY OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BRAND REPUTATION
 RESULT IN A DECLINE IN SALES OR AN INCREASE IN COSTS.

We
consider food and beverage safety a top priority and will dedicate substantial resources towards ensuring that consumers enjoy
high-quality
 safe and wholesome products. However
 we cannot guarantee that controls and training will be fully effective in
preventing all food-borne illnesses. Furthermore
 reliance on third-party suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne
illness incidents (such as E. coli
 Hepatitis A
 Salmonella or Listeria) could occur outside of our control and at multiple locations.
We will utilize High Pressure Processing (HPP) whenever possible to mitigate these risks.

Instances
of food-borne illnesses
 whether real or perceived
 and whether at our consumers&rsquo; stores or those of our competitors
 could
harm consumers and otherwise result in negative publicity about us or the products we serve
 which could adversely affect sales.
If there is an incident involving consumers&rsquo; C-stores and other approved channels serving contaminated products
 consumers
may be harmed
 our sales may decrease and our brand name may be impaired. If consumers become ill from food-borne illnesses
 we
could be forced to temporarily suspend some operations. If we react to negative publicity by changing our products or other key
aspects of the Fresh Promise experience
 we may lose consumers who do not accept those changes
 and may not be able to attract
enough new consumers to produce the revenue needed to make our operations profitable. In addition
 we may have different or additional
competitors for our intended consumers as a result of making any such changes and may not be able to compete successfully against
those competitors. Food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses and injuries caused by food contamination have in
the past
 and could in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause consumers to
shift their preferences
 particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along to consumers. As a result
 our costs
may increase and our sales may decline. A decrease in consumer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity
or as a result of a change in our products or smoothie experience or a temporary suspension of any of our consumer operations
could materially harm our business.&nbsp;

    
    


THE
FOOD SERVICE INDUSTRY HAS INHERENT OPERATIONAL RISKS THAT MAY NOT BE ADEQUATELY COVERED BY INSURANCE.

We
can give no assurance that we will be adequately insured against all risks or that our insurers will pay a particular claim. Furthermore
in the future
 we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates for our operations. We may also be
subject to calls
 or premiums
 in amounts based not only on our own claim records but also the claim records of all other members
of the protection and indemnity associations through which we may receive indemnity insurance coverage for tort liability. Our
insurance policies may also contain deductibles
 limitations and exclusions which
 although we may believe are standard in the
food service industry
 may nevertheless increase our costs.

THE
PLANNED INCREASE IN THE NUMBER OF STORES WHERE ARE OUR PRODUCTS WILL BE AVAILABLE MAY MAKE FUTURE RESULTS UNPREDICTABLE.

Our
future results depend on various factors
 including successful selection of new markets
 market acceptance of Fresh Promise Foods
brands
 consumer recognition of the quality of our products and willingness to pay our prices (which reflect our often-higher
ingredient costs
) the quality and performance of our equipment and general economic conditions. In addition
 as with the experience
of other retail food and beverage concepts who have tried to expand nationally
 we may find that the Fresh Promise Foods concept
has limited or no appeal to consumers in new markets or we may experience a decline in the popularity of our brands. Newly opened
stores may not succeed
 future markets may not be successful and average store revenue may not meet expectations.

OUR
FAILURE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Our
plans call for a significant increase in the number of consumers. Product supply
 financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these
systems
 procedures
 and controls and to hire
 train and retain management and staff. We may not respond quickly enough to the
changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management
 employees and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot
of importance on our culture
 which we believe will be an important contributor to our success. As we grow
 however
 we may have
difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our
growth effectively could harm our business and operating results.

OUR
OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD FALL BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF INVESTORS DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS.

Our operating
results may fluctuate significantly because of various factors
 including:



    
1.
    
The
    impact of inclement weather
 natural disasters and other calamities
 such as earthquakes and/or hurricanes
 which could cause
    a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
2.
    
Unseasonably
    cold or wet weather conditions could cause a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
3.
    
Profitability
    of our operations where our products are sold
 especially in new markets;

    
    
    

    
4.
    
Changes
    in comparable store sales and consumer visits
 including the introduction of new product items;

    
    
    

    
5.
    
Variations
    in general economic conditions
 including those relating to changes in diesel and gasoline prices;

    
    
    

    
6.
    
Negative
    publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at stores where our products
    are available;

    
    
    

    
7.
    
Changes
    in consumer preferences and discretionary spending;

    
    
    

    
8.
    
Increases
    in infrastructure costs; and

    
    
    

    
9.
    
Fluctuation
    in supply prices.


Because
of these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or
for any year. Average consumers&rsquo; store revenue or comparable store revenue in any particular future period may decrease.
In the future
 our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors. In that event
 the value of our Common Stock
or other securities would likely decrease.

OUR
CONSUMERS AND SUPPLIERS COULD TAKE ACTIONS THAT HARM OUR REPUTATION AND REDUCE OUR PROFITS.

Consumers
and suppliers are separate entities and are not our employees. Further
 we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations
of our consumers and suppliers. Any operational shortcomings of our consumers and suppliers are likely to be attributed to our
system-wide operations and could adversely affect our reputation and have a direct negative impact on our profits.

    
    



OUR
REVENUE IS SUBJECT TO VOLATILITY BASED ON WEATHER AND VARIES BY SEASON.

Seasonal
factors could also cause our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenue may be lower during the winter months and
the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather and higher during the spring
 summer and fall months. Our revenue will
likely also vary from quarter to quarter as a result of the number of trading days
 that is
 the number of days in a quarter when
stores are open.&nbsp;

WE
COULD FACE LIABILITY FROM OUR CONSUMERS
 SUPPLIERS OR GOVERNMENT.

A
consumer
 supplier or government agency may bring legal action against us based on the consumer/ supplier relationships. Various
state and federal laws govern our relationship with consumers and suppliers. If we fail to comply with these laws
 we could be
liable for damages to consumers or suppliers and fines or other penalties. Expensive litigation with our consumers/suppliers or
government agencies may adversely affect both our profits and our important relations with our consumer/suppliers.

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

Developing
our business may require significant capital in the future. To meet our capital needs
 we expect to rely on our cash flow from
operations and potentially
 third-party financing. Third-party financing may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to
us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including market conditions
 our operating
performance
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such
as financial covenants under our credit facility. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional
financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth.

LITIGATION
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT US BY DISTRACTING MANAGEMENT
 INCREASING OUR EXPENSES OR SUBJECTING US TO MATERIAL MONEY DAMAGES AND OTHER
REMEDIES.

Our
consumers could file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury their consumers
suffered at or after a visit to their stores
 or that we have problems with food quality or operations. We are also subject to
a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business
 including personal injury claims
 contract claims and
claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters
 discrimination and similar matters
and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the future. Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 claims may be expensive to defend and may
divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage
for any claims could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting
from these allegations may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects
 which in turn could adversely affect
our results. The food and beverage services industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content
of food products they sell and disclosure and advertising practices.

WE
MAY ALSO INCUR COSTS RESULTING FROM OTHER SECURITY RISKS WE MAY FACE IN CONNECTION WITH OUR ELECTRONIC PROCESSING AND TRANSMISSION
OF CONFIDENTIAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.

We
rely on commercially available software and other technologies to provide security for processing and transmission of consumer
credit card data. Our systems could be compromised in the future
 which could result in the misappropriation of consumer information
or the disruption of systems. Either of those consequences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business
or subject it to additional liabilities.

WE
ARE EXPOSED TO INCREASED COSTS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING LAWS
 REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS IN GENERAL
AND SPECIFICALLY WITH INCREASED AND NEW REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DISCLOSURE STANDARDS.

We
expect to spend an increased amount of management time and external resources to comply with existing and changing laws
 regulations
and standards in general
 and specifically relating to corporate governance. In particular
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires management to annually review and evaluate all of our internal control systems
 and file attestations of
the effectiveness of these systems by our management and by our independent auditors. This process may require us to hire additional
personnel and use outside advisory services and result in additional accounting and legal expenses. If in the future our chief
executive officer
 chief financial officer or independent auditors determine that our controls over financial reporting are not
effective as defined under Section 404
 investor perceptions may be adversely affected and could cause a decline in the value
of our stock. If our independent auditors are unable to provide an unqualified attestation of management&rsquo;s assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting
 or disclaim an ability to issue an attestation
 it could result in a loss of investor
confidence in our financial reports
 adversely affect our stock value and our ability to access the capital markets or borrow
money. Failure to comply with other existing and changing laws
 regulations and standards could also adversely affect the Company.

THE
REPORT OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS INDICATES UNCERTAINTY CONCERNING OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN AND THIS MAY IMPAIR
OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL TO FUND OUR BUSINESS PLAN.

Our
independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that
this will not impair our ability to raise capital on attractive terms. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve
significant revenues and therefore remain a going concern.

    
    



COMPETITORS
WITH MORE RESOURCES MAY FORCE US OUT OF BUSINESS.

We
will compete with many well-established companies
 food and beverage service
 C-stores and other approved channels and otherwise
on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product offered
 consumer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience.
Aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets could reduce our revenue and profit
margins.&nbsp;


WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT ADDITIONAL FUNDING
 WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE.

The
Company has limited capital resources. To date
 the Company has funded its operations from limited funding and has not generated
sufficient cash from operations to be profitable or to maintain sufficient inventory. Unless the Company begins to generate sufficient
revenues to finance operations as a going concern
 the Company may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity
and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available.

THE
COST TO MEET OUR REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AS A PUBLIC COMPANY SUBECT TO THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL AND
MAY RESULT IN US HAVING INSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS OR EVEN MEET ROUTINE BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS.

Subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934
 we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for
accounting
 legal
 and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements.

WE
MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING MANAGEMENT AND OUTSIDE INDEPENDENT MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS A RESULT
OF THEIR CONCERNS RELATING TO THEIR INCREASED PERSONAL EXPOSURE TO LAWSUITS AND STOCKHOLDER CLAIMS BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THESE
POSITIONS IN A PUBLICLY-HELD COMPANY.

The
directors and management of publicly-traded corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure
to lawsuits and stockholder claims
 as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly in
view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do
not carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has
recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside
directors to serve on our board of directors.

We
may lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and
officers&rsquo; liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater
funding to date which can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their
increased duties
 obligations and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with a limited operating
history and limited resources
 we will have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent
directors than a more established company due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.

WE
MAY NOT ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO THE FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS.

Projections
and estimated financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and
 though considered reasonable
by us
 are subject to significant business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that the projected results will be
realized or that actual results will not be significantly lower than projected. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes
any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of the projections.

    
    



Risks
Related to an Investment in our Common Stock

OUR
DIRECTORS HAVE THE RIGHT TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK.

Our
directors
 within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our
stockholders
 have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number
of shares and the relative rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 and terms of redemption
 liquidation preferences and any
other preferences
 special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of holders of our common stock.

IF
THERE IS A MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES IN THE FUTURE
 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND ILLIQUID.

We
can make no assurance that there will be a public market for our common Stock in the future. If there is a market for our Common
Stock in the future
 we anticipate that such market may be illiquid and might be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several
factors
 including
 but not limited to the following factors:



    
(1)
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our results of operations;

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
our
    ability or inability to generate new revenue;

    
    
    

    
(3)
    
our
    ability to anticipate and effectively adapt to a developing market;

    
    
    

    
(4)
    
our
    ability to attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel;

    
    
    

    
(5)
    
consumer
    satisfaction and loyalty;

    
    
    

    
(6)
    
increased
    competition; and

    
    
    

    
(7)
    
conditions
    and trends in the market for organic and natural products.



CONVERSION
OF OUR PROMISSORY NOTES OR SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK INTO THE PUBLIC MARKET BY SELLING SHAREHOLDERS
MAY CAUSE A REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK AND PURCHASERS WHO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LOSE SOME
OR ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENTS.

If
a market for our shares develops
 sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause
a reduction in the price of our Common Stock. If selling Shareholders resell a substantial portion of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Common Stock it could have an adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. As a result of any such decreases
in the price of our Common Stock
 purchasers who acquire shares from Selling Shareholders may lose some or all of their investment.

OUR
EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS WILL EXPERIENCE DILUTION.

We
will need to raise additional funds
 and these funds may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Furthermore
 if we issue
equity or debt securities to raise additional funds
 our existing shareholders will experience dilution
 and the new equity or
debt securities may have rights
 preference
 and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders. If we cannot raise funds
on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to develop or enhance our products
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future
opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated consumer requirements.

There
is no assurance that we will be profitable
 and we may not be able to successfully develop
 manage or market our products and
services. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technological personnel and our products and services
may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be
incurred due to the issuance of more shares
 stock options
 or the exercise of stock options
 and other risks inherent in our
business.

    
    



Currently
there is a public market for our securities
 but there can be no assurances that the public market will develop further and
 if
developed further
 it is likely to experience significant price fluctuations.

We
have a trading symbol for our common stock
 namely &lsquo;FPFI&rsquo;. There can be no assurances as to whether:



    
    
the
    market for our shares will continue to develop; or

    
    
    

    
    
the
    prices at which our common stock will trade;


Prices
for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity
of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact of the factors referred
to elsewhere in these risk factors
 investor perception of our Company and general economic and market conditions.

We
are subject to the penny stock rules which will make our securities more difficult to sell.

We
are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules because our securities sell below $5.00 per share. The penny stock
rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information
about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the bid and
offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation.

Furthermore
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our securities.
As long as our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 the holders of such securities will find it more difficult to
sell their securities.

We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly
 we do not
expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
 but will review this policy as circumstances dictate.

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE BY OUR CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.

The
sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. In addition
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock
 including shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants
 under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or otherwise could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital at that time through
the sale of our securities.&nbsp;

    
    



THERE
IS A NEED FOR ANY GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OF OUR PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS.

Companies
have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging
 among other things
 violations of federal and state
workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature
 if successful
 could result in our payment of substantial damages.

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of employees or consumers.
In recent years
 a number of companies
 including juice companies
 have been subject to lawsuits
 including class action lawsuits
alleging violations of federal and state law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial awards by
the defendants. Although we are not currently a party to any material class action lawsuits
 we could incur substantial damages
and expenses resulting from lawsuits
 which would increase the cost of operating the business and decrease the cash available
for other uses.

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY REGULATION.

We
are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations. Our products are subject to state and local regulation by health
sanitation
 food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the
necessary licenses or approvals for new products which could delay planned execution of our business plan. We are subject to the
U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities
in the context of employment
 public accommodations and other areas. We may in the future have to modify office and warehouse
space
 for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural fixtures
 to provide service to or make reasonable
accommodations for disabled persons. The expenses associated with these modifications could be material. Our operations are also
subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act
 which governs such matters as minimum wages
 overtime and other working conditions
along with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act
 family leave mandates and a variety of similar laws enacted by the states
that govern these and other employment law matters. In addition
 federal proposals to introduce a system of mandated health insurance
and flexible work time and other similar initiatives could
 if implemented
 adversely affect our operations. In recent years
there has been an increased legislative
 regulatory and consumer focus on nutrition and advertising practices in the food industry.
As a result
 we may in the future become subject to initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising
 such as requirements
to provide information about the nutritional content of our products
 which could increase our expenses.

AS
A PUBLIC COMPANY
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO COMPLEX LEGAL AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS THAT WILL REQUIRE US TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT EXPENSES
AND WILL EXPOSE US TO RISK OF NON-COMPLIANCE.

As
a public company
 we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost
of compliance with many of these requirements is material
 not only in absolute terms but
 more importantly
 in relation to the
overall scope of the operations of a small company. Our relative inexperience with these requirements may increase the cost of
compliance and may also increase the risk that we will fail to comply.

Failure
to comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences including
 but not limited to
 our inability to file
required periodic reports on a timely basis
 loss of market confidence and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to comply with all of these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to
be a substantial competitive disadvantage vis-&agrave;-vis our privately held and larger public competitors.

WE
MAY BE SUBJECT TO SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION
 THEREBY DIVERTING OUR RESOURCES THAT MAY HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR PROFITABILITY
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

As
discussed in the preceding risk factors
 the market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when
compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for
the indefinite future. In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following
periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may become the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation
will result in substantial costs and liabilities and will divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources.&nbsp;

    
    



Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable

Item
2. Properties

Our
principal executive office is located at 3416 Shadybrook Drive
 Midwest City
 OK 73110.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings

On
April 25
 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard Maher
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;) filed a complaint with the United
States District Court for the District of Nevada (the &ldquo;Court&rdquo;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach
of contract against Peter Hellwig
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;). On March 30
 2017
 the Court issued an
order granting in part motion for default judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or
by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive
officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our
subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as
such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.




    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a)
Market Information

The
Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the under the symbol &ldquo;FPFI.&rdquo; The following table sets
forth the quarterly high and low sale prices for our common shares for the last two completed fiscal years and the subsequent
interim periods. The prices set forth below represent interdealer quotations
 without retail markup
 markdown or commission and
may not be reflective of actual transactions.



Fiscal
    Year 2016 Quarters Ended:
    
    
    
    
    
    

March
    31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

June 30
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

September 30
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal
    Year 2017 Quarters Ended:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

June 30
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

September 30
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(b)
Holders 

As
of March 31
 2018
 there were 
of record of our common stock. This figure does not take into
account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common shares
 and we do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends with respect
to those securities in the foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the expansion
development of our business.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

We
currently do not have an equity compensation plan.&nbsp;

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations

Forward-Looking
Statements

We
make forward-looking statements in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to
us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations which follow under
the headings &ldquo;Business and Overview
&rdquo; &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources
&rdquo; and other statements throughout
this report preceded by
 followed by or that include the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; or similar expressions.

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements
 including the risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe
from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We therefore
caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as
of the date of this report
 and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result
of new information
 future developments or otherwise.

Plan
of Operations

Our
plan is to develop our brand name
 to have it strongly associated with all of our distributed products and to focus on finding
and developing the best nutritional supplement product options for North America and beyond.

GIDDY
UP Energy Products is a wholesale manufacturer engaged in marketing and distribution of carbonated and non-carbonated energy drinks
shakes
 energy bars
 and related products. The company was a subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition
 a nutritional supplement company
focused on developing innovative
 high quality supplements. The company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified
and/or FDA registered facilities (visit our website at www.giddyupenergyproducts.com for more information).

An
experienced core management team is in place and has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market.
The Company plans to establish a procurement program and will work with outside professionals to build its business
 create brands
through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

    
    



Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This
Annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) contain
or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the &ldquo;Filings&rdquo;) and information that are based upon beliefs
of
 and information currently available to
 the Company&rsquo;s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company&rsquo;s
management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions
and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the Filings
 the words &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;future&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company&rsquo;s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions
 and
other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
 intended
 or planned.

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 the Company cannot guarantee
future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities
laws of the United States
 the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&rsquo;s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&rsquo;s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.&nbsp;

Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016



We
did not record any revenues for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. As discussed above
 we discontinued our operating
subsidiary Harvest Soul; which had been our sole source for sales revenue in prior periods. We are contemplating various opportunities
as a means to generate future sales revenue; however
 we can provide no assurance that our efforts will successfully result in
any new revenues.

Gross
Margin

Gross
margin is calculated by subtracting cost of sales from revenue. Gross margin percentage is calculated by dividing gross margins
by revenue.

We
did not record any cost of goods sold for either of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. As such
 we did not realize any
gross margin for either of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

Operating
Expenses

We
incurred $503
007 in operating expenses from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to zero in operating
expenses from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2016.

The
largest component of our operating expenses during the current year period was an impairment charge related to the acquisition
of certain assets and liabilities associated with the business of Giddy Up Energy Products. At December 31
 2017
 as a result
of significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed the impairment test as
prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling $463
007. The $40
000 in
general and administrative expenses related to accrued compensation for our chief executive officer.

We
expect our operating expenses to increase proportionally to our business activities as we begin to execute upon our Plan of Operations
in future periods.

    
    



Other
Income (Expense)

Net
other expenses totaled $690
696 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $258
062 in net other expenses for the year
ended December 31
 2016.

The
Company issues convertible notes to finance operations. Some notes have embedded derivative features. The value of these instruments
will fluctuate as the trading price of our common stock changes. During 2017
 we experienced a non-cash loss of $608
887 from
the increase in value of these derivative features. This compares to a non-cash gain of $81
934 from the decline in value of these
derivative liabilities in 2016.

In
2016
 we recorded interest expense related to the amortization of debt discounts totaling $265
263. These discounts were fully
amortized as of December 31
 2016. As such
 we did not record any interest expense related to the amortization of debt discounts
during 2017. Our other interest expenses increased by $7
076
 from $74
733 in 2016 to $81
809 in 2017. This increase was the result
of certain true ups or penalties incurred on the Company&rsquo;s interest bearing convertible promissory notes.


Net
loss from continuing operations

We
incurred a net loss from continuing operations of $1
193
703
 or $0.00 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared
to a net loss of $258
062
 or $0.00 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2016.

The
weighted average number of basic and fully diluted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2017 was 1
639
773
469 compared
to 829
919
771 for the year ended December 31
 2016. There are no dilutive equivalents included in our calculation of fully diluted
shares for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive due to our net loss per share.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
among other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The
Company sustained a net loss of $1
252
941 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and a net loss of $421
214 for the year ended
December 31
 2016. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations
 the Company requires additional funding to execute
upon its Plan of Operation. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

We
are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At December 31
 2017
 we had no assets and a working capital deficit
of $4
265
552. Our working capital deficit is largely due to the balance of our convertible notes payable and related derivative
liabilities.

We
did not realize any net cash provided by or used in our operating activities from continuing operations or discontinued operations
in either of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

Further
we did not realize any net cash provided by or used in our financing activities from continuing operations or discontinued operations
in either of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

We
anticipate that our cash requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations
 pay current obligations and
future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding in the near term for such requirements are expected to be cash generated
from raising additional funds by the issuance of convertible notes. However
 we can provide no assurances that we will be able
to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us
 if at all
 to remain a going concern.
Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on
a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. In addition
 our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise
capital to continue to expand our operations. We are presently engaged in capital raising activities through one or more private
offering of our company&rsquo;s securities. See &ldquo;Note 2&ndash; Going Concern&rdquo; in our financial statements for additional
information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a &ldquo;going concern.&rdquo;

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

    
    




FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER
31
 2017 AND DECEMBER 31
 2016

    
    




REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.
Opinion
on the Financial Statements
We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the related
statements of operations
 stockholders' equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the &quot;financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Basis
for Opinion
These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud.
Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Substantial
Doubt about the Company&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated
deficit. In addition
 the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/S/
BF Borgers CPA PC
BF
Borgers CPA PC

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2018
Lakewood
CO
March
21
 2019&nbsp;




    
    

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    
    
December
    31
 2017
    
    
December
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    current assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
165
466
    
    
    
165
466
    

Accrued
    liabilities
    
    
284
221
    
    
    
255
492
    

Convertible
    notes payable
 current
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    

Derivative
    liabilities
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
1
090
696
    

Related
    party payables
    
    
3
600
    
    
    
3
600
    

Current
    liabilities of discontinued operations
    
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

Total
    current liabilities
    
    
4
265
552
    
    
    
3
607
005
    

Total
    liabilities
    
    
4
265
552
    
    
    
3
607
005
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    Deficit:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred
    stock - Series A
 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares issued and outstanding as of December
    31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock
 $0.00001 par value. 9
000
000
000 shares authorized; 7
338
180
185 and 829
920
304 shares issued and outstanding as
    of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    
73
382
    
    
    
8
300
    

Additional
    paid-in capital
    
    
7
947
036
    
    
    
7
417
724
    

Accumulated
    deficit
    
    
(12
286
070
    
    
    
(11
033
129
    

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; deficit
    
    
(4
265
552
    
    
    
(3
607
005
    

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; deficit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

    
    




FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated Statements of Operations



    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2017
    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    margin
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

General
    and administrative
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    

Impairment
    charge
    
    
463
007
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    operating expenses
    
    
503
007
    
    
    
    
    

Income
    (loss) from continuing operations before other income (expense) and income taxes
    
    
(503
007
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    income (expenses)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gain
    (loss) on change in value of derivative liabilities
    
    
(608
887
    
    
    
81
934
    

Interest
    expense
 net
    
    
(81
809
    
    
    
(339
996
    

Total
    other income (expense)
    
    
(690
696
    
    
    
(258
062
    

Income
    (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes
    
    
(1
193
703
    
    
    
(258
062
    

Provision
    for income taxes (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss) from continuing operations
    
    
(1
193
703
    
    
    
(258
062
    

Discontinued
    operations
 net of income taxes
    
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    

Net
    income (loss)
    
    
(1
252
941
    
    
    
(421
214
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted earnings (loss) per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Continuing
    operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Discontinued
    operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted-average
    number of common shares outstanding:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted
    
    
1
639
773
469
    
    
    
829
919
771
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

    
    



FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit



    
    
    
    
    
    
                                                                                
    
    
                                                                                

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
829
920
304
8
300
7
417
724
(10
611
915
(3
185
791

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(421
214
(421
214

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
829
920
304
8
300
7
417
724
(11
033
129
(3
607
005

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
252
941
(1
212
941

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
630
081
800
46
300
416
707
    
463
007

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
878
180
081
18
782
112
605
    
131
387

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
7
338
185
73
382
7
947
036
(12
246
070
(4
225
552


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.



    
    



FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows



    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2017
    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2016
    

Cash
    flows from operating activities of continuing operations:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss)
    
    
(1
252
941
    
    
    
(421
214
    

Net
    income (loss) from discontinued operations
    
    
59
238
    
    
    
163
152
    

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
    
    
    
    
    
265
263
    

Debt
    issued in exchange for fees and services
    
    
9
558
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative
    expense
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(Gain)
    loss on change in value of derivative liabilities
    
    
608
887
    
    
    
(81
934
    

Impairment
    charge
    
    
463
007
    
    
    
    
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued
    liabilities
    
    
112
251
    
    
    
74
733
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities - continuing operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities - discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    flows from investing activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities - continuing operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities - discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    flows from financing activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Proceeds
    from issuance of convertible notes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities - continuing operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities - discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    and cash equivalents at beginning of period
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    and cash equivalents at end of period
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Supplemental
    disclosure of cash flow information:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    paid for interest
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    paid for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Supplemental
    disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued to acquire assets of a business
    
    
463
007
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued to reduce convertible and promissory notes payable
    
    
131
387
    
    
    
290
810
    

Convertible
    notes issued to reduce related party payable
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

    
    



FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

NOTE 1
&ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature
of Business

Fresh
Promise Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;Fresh Promise&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused
on the high-margin
 multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors.

Effective
January 20
 2015
 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split
for the common stock of Fresh Promise. On December 30
 2014
 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with respect to such 1-for-150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have
been presented to give retroactive effective for this reverse stock split.

On
June 27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement
whereby the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;).
As consideration
 the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed
the distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the
Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan
involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

Going
Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which
contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period
following the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating losses
since its inception.

Because
the Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.

Discontinued
Operations

In
light of the Company&rsquo;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business
operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with
the Company&rsquo;s December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018
 Fresh Promise executed a definitive agreement
to sell and transfer its equity interest in Harvest Soul.

The
Company&rsquo;s results of operations related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective
basis for all years presented. For additional information see Note 3 &mdash; Discontinued Operations.

Basis
of Presentation

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US
GAAP&rdquo;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Harvest Soul Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated
upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available
as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from
these estimates.

    
    



Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Fresh
Promise Foods Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company places its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&rsquo;s account at this institution is insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
the Company has not reached bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of
such financial institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds
deposits.&nbsp;

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company&rsquo;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets

Goodwill represents
the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
The goodwill arising from the Company&rsquo;s acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity
with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable
useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
 whichever is shorter.

Goodwill
and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized
 but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more
frequent assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year
and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the
carrying amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the
fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both
the income approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted
based on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&rsquo;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&rsquo;s size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&rsquo;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&rsquo;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&rsquo;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment tests
scheduled in the fourth quarter.

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share.&rdquo; Basic net income (loss)
per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the
basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company
had convertible notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 12
579
757
236 and 18
178
047
136 common shares based
up the closing bid price of the company&rsquo;s common stock at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Shares which would result
from the conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2017 and 2016 because
the effect would be anti-dilutive.

    
    



Share-Based
Compensation

ASC
718
 Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions
in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their
fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
the award
 known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC
505-50
 Equity &ndash; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is
based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments
issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

No
share-based expenses were recorded for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A
valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred asset will not be realized.

The
Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns
are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while
others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately
sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements
in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are
not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured
as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable
taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described
above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether
a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014 through 2017. The tax year 2013 remains
open for examination.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&trade; (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.&nbsp;

NOTE
2 &ndash; GOING CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and
allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company
obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
it could be forced to cease operations.


    
    





The
Company incurred net losses of $1
212
941 and $421
214 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and the Company
had accumulated deficits of $12
246
070 and $11
033
129 and working capital deficits of $3
607
005 and $3
185
791 at December
31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&rsquo;s
plan to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various lenders
 institutions and
significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance that
the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.

There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues
received from business operations. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.

NOTE
3 &ndash; DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In
light of the Company&rsquo;s legal proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business
operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with
the Company&rsquo;s December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements.

The
Company made the decision to impair all of the assets of Harvest Soul resulting in a charge of $217
728 in 2015. The decision
to impair the assets was made as Harvest Soul was operating autonomously during the legal proceedings
 and the Company determined
that the assets presented it with no future economic benefit. The impairment charge is reflected under operating expenses in the
operating results from discontinued operations summarized below.

Effective
August 28
 2018
 the Company executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;)
providing for the sale of certain assets and the assignment of certain (i) notes payable
 (ii) accrued salaries and (iii) contracts
(collectively the &ldquo;Assumed Liabilities&rdquo;) to Purchaser and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Purchaser.

The
operating results of the Company&rsquo;s Harvest Soul subsidiary classified as discontinued operations are summarized below:




    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2017
    
    
Year
    Ended December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of goods sold
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    margin
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    income (expenses)
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    

Provision
    for income taxes (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss) from discontinued operations
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    


The
following table presents the major classes of assets and liabilities of Harvest Soul classified as discontinued operations in
the consolidated balance sheets:




    
December
    31
 2017
    
    
December
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    current assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
51
461
    
    
    
51
461
    

Accrued
    liabilities
    
98
938
    
    
    
65
348
    

Capital
    lease liability
 current
    
43
426
    
    
    
43
426
    

Convertible
    notes payable
 current
    
559
829
    
    
    
559
829
    

Derivative
    liabilities
    
528
169
    
    
    
502
521
    

Total
    current liabilities
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

Total
    liabilities
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

Net
    liabilities of discontinued operations:
    
(1
281
823
    
    
    
(1
222
585
    





    
    


NOTE
4 &ndash; ACQUISITION OF THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF GIDDY UP ENERGY PRODUCTS
 INC.

On
June 27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement
whereby the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;).
As consideration
 the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at $463
007
or $0.0001 per share
 which represents fair market value.

At
December 31
 2017
 as a result of significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company
performed the impairment test as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge
totaling $463
007.

On
January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution 4
630
081
800 shares of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in
order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing
assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active
lifestyle.

NOTE
5 &ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

On
January 28
 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares from its former chief financial
officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The note had been purchased from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual
conversion terms per agreement. The balance of this note was $8
263 at December 31
 2017.

On
January 31
 2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $179
268 with its former chief executive officer and
director Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity
date of January 31
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.
The balance of this note remains $179
268 at December 31
 2017. This note was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption
agreement dated August 28
 2018. It is included under current liabilities of discontinued operations in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
balance sheets.

On
April 1
 2015
 the Company amended the terms of a convertible promissory note for $12
000 with its former chief financial officer
and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The aged debt was purchased from its original note holder. The note bears interest at 6% and
has a maturity date of April 1
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance
of this note remains $12
000 at December 31
 2017.

On
June 30
 2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $62
229 with its former chief executive officer and director
Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date
of June 30
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains
$62
229 at December 31
 2017. Harvest Soul assumed this note in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018.
It is included under current liabilities of discontinued operations in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated balance sheets.

On
June 30
 2015
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $152
333 with its executive vice president and director
Scott C. Martin in lieu of cash for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
June 30
 2016. The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains
$152
333 at December 31
 2017. This note was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
2018. It is included under current liabilities of discontinued operations in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated balance sheets.

On
August 21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph
C. Canouse. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock
at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to
the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $30
000 at December 31
 2017.

On
August 24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000
with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity
date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes remains $30
000
at December 31
 2017.

    
    



NOTE
6 &ndash;CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

The
following tables set forth the components of the Company&rsquo;s convertible notes at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
December
    31

    
    

Principal
    value of convertible notes
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    

Unamortized
    loan discounts
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    convertible notes
 net
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    


The
following table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



Beginning
    balance
 January 1
 2016
    
    
603
902
    

Amortization of debt
    discounts associated with convertible notes
    
    
265
264
    

Ending balance
 December
    31
 2016
    
    
869
166
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
9
558
    

Conversion of principal
    amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
(87
865
    

Ending balance
 December
    31
 2017
    
    
790
859
    


On
January 5
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
January 5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third
party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.

On
January 26
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
January 26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than
$0.0001.

On
February 10
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
February 10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.

On
February 10
 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of
the note were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common
stock at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the
date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.

On
February 13
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
February 13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to
a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity
date of August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.

On
March 17
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
March 17
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.

On
March 27
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March
27
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.

On
April 1
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March
27
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days
prior to the date of conversion.

On
May 28
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February
28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.

On
August 7
 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and
the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


    
    


On
August 21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.

On
August 24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000.
The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount
of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.

On
September 2
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date
of February 28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.

On
September 4
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
September 4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.

During
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating
$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of
these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As
such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regards to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent
with other convertible debt securities issued during the period.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the majority of the Company&rsquo;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms
of their contractual maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default
demands for payment or other forms of claim as a result of these defaults.

All
of the convertible notes were analyzed at the time of their issuance for derivative accounting consideration. In some instances
the Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date
stock price. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled
$1
699
583 and $1
090
696
 respectively.

The
value of the derivative liabilities was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&nbsp;31

        
    
    
December&nbsp;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free
    interest rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility (3)
    
    
446.63
    &ndash; 486.95
    
    
    
422.76
    &ndash; 590.15
    

Expected
    life (in years)
    
    
0.75
    &ndash; 1.00 
    
    
    
0.75
    &ndash; 1.00 
    




    
The Company
    has no history or expectation of paying cash dividends on its common stock.

    
The risk-free interest
    rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the promissory notes in effect at
    the time of issuance.

    
The volatility of
    the Company&rsquo;s common stock is based on trading activity for the previous contractual term ended at each promissory note
    issuance date.


A
portion of this amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible
debentures. The remaining debt discounts associated with these beneficial conversion features was $0 as of both December 31
 2017
and 2016. The related amortization expense was $0 and $265
264 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. See
Note 9 &ndash; Fair Value Measurements for additional details.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $93
164 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $38
223
 into 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock.

At
December 31
 2017
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 8
969
560
081 shares.

    
    



NOTE
7 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Series
A Preferred Stock

The authorized
Series A preferred stock of the Company consists of 69
999
990 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&nbsp;December 31
 2017 and
2016
 the Company had 10
000
000 shares of its Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The majority of the Series A preferred
stock entitles the stockholders to 67% overall voting rights.


Common
Stock

The
authorized common stock of the Company consists of 9
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&nbsp;December 31
 2017 and
2016
 the Company had 7
338
180
185 and 878
592
947 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the company issued 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of
$93
164 in principal and $38
223 in accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes. Further
 the Company issued
4
630
081
800 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities from Creative Edge Nutrition.
These issuances were exempt from registration under rule 144.

No
common stock was issued during the year ended December 31
 2016.&nbsp;

NOTE
8 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $12.2 million that may be available to
reduce our tax liability through tax year 2037. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $2
571
675 if the Company
produces sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&nbsp;The
Company has no provisions from income tax in 2017
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.

A
reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    expense (benefit) (21%)
    
    
(242
278
    
    
    
(54
193
    

State income taxes
    net of federal benefit
    
    
(54
686
    
    
    
(12
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
296
963
    
    
    
66
425
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax asset
    attributable to:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net operating
    loss carryover
    
    
2
571
675
    
    
    
2
316
957
    

    
    
    
(2
571
675
    
    
    
(2
316
957
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Tax
net operating loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes.

    
    



NOTE
9 &ndash; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
Company has adopted the guidance under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis.
ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest
priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level
in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that
in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity
is required to measure fair value using one or more of the techniques provided for in this update.

The
standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and
the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:

Level
1 &ndash; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
2 &ndash; Input other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets
of liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.

Level
3 &ndash; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.&nbsp;

Our
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers
factors specific to the asset or liability.

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity&rdquo; and ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to
fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving
at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments
such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes modes.

The
Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were
determined by using the Black Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&rsquo;s derivative liabilities
are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results
of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.

The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted
    prices in
    
Significant
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active
    Markets for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Identical
    Assets
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;12/31/2016
    &nbsp;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&nbsp;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
1
090
696
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
090
696
    

    
    
    
1
090
696
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
090
696
    


The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted
    prices in
    
Significant
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active
    Markets for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Identical
    Assets
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;12/31/2017
    &nbsp;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&nbsp;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    




    
    

The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2017
and 2016:



Beginning
    balance
 January 1
 2016
    
    
1
172
631
    

Change in fair value
    of embedded conversion features of convertible promissory notes included in earnings
    
    
(81
935
    

Embedded conversion
    option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December
    31
 2016
    
    
1
090
696
    

Change in fair value
    of embedded conversion features of convertible promissory notes included in earnings
    
    
(608
887
    

Embedded conversion
    option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December
    31
 2017
    
    
1
699
583
    


Note
10 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies

On
April 25
 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard Maher
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;) filed a complaint with the United
States District Court for the District of Nevada (the &ldquo;Court&rdquo;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach
of contract against Peter Hellwig
 et al (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;). On March 30
 2017
 the Court issued an
order granting in part motion for default judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs.

On
January 6
 2016
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &ldquo;Release
Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer
and Director and
 in consideration for such resignations and Mr. Quirk&rsquo;s release of the Company from liability; the Company
released Mr. Quirk from liability.

On
October 13
 2017
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &ldquo;Release
Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration
for such resignation and Mr. Martin&rsquo;s release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.

NOTE 11
&ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In
accordance with FASB ASC 855-10 Subsequent Events
 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2017 to
the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent
events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements
 except as follows:

On
June 27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement
whereby the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;).
As consideration
 the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed
the distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the
Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan
involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

On
April 5
 2018
 David G. Wiser filed a lawsuit against the Company for debt acquired in the asset purchase agreement with Creative
Edge Nutrition due to the non-convertibility of his debt resulting from the lack of shares available to issue while the Company
was delinquent in its filings with the SEC. On April 27
 2018
 the lawsuit was settled when the Company issued Mr. Wiser one preferred
share convertible into 850 million shares of common stock.

Effective
August 28
 2018
 the Company executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;)
providing for the sale of certain assets and assignment of certain (i) notes payable
 (ii) accrued salaries and (iii) contracts
(collectively the &ldquo;Assumed Liabilities&rdquo;) to Purchaser and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Purchaser.

On
March 13
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity
date of March 13
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.

On
December 12
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity
date of December 12
 2019. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion.

Since
January 1
 2018
 the Company has issued 160
000
000 shares of restricted common stock in a private placement sale with an accredited
investor for gross proceeds totaling $16
000.


    
    



Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants and Financial Disclosure

Effective
May 1
 2018
 the Company dismissed D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. as its independent registered public accounting firm and engaged
BF Borgers CPA PC as its independent registered public accounting firm. D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. audited our financial statements
for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013 and reviewed the financials prepared by the previous public accounting
firm for the period ended December 31
 2012. The dismissal of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. was approved by our Board of Directors
effective May 1
 2018. D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. did not resign or decline to stand for re-election.

Neither
the report of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. dated April 24
 2015 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and the
related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2014 and
2013 nor the report of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. dated April 15
 2014 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
2013 and 2012 contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
 nor was either such report qualified or modified as to
uncertainty
 audit scope
 or accounting principles
 except that both such reports raised substantial doubts on our ability to
continue as a going concern.

During
our two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period preceding our decision to dismiss D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
P.A. we had no disagreements with the firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
or auditing scope of procedure which disagreement if not resolved to the satisfaction of D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. would
have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report.

During
our two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period prior to retaining BF Borgers CPA PC (1) neither we nor anyone
on our behalf consulted BF Borgers CPA PC regarding (a) either the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction
either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements or (b) any matter
that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and (v)
 respectively
 of Regulation
S-K
 and (2) BF Borgers CPA PC did not provide us with a written report or oral advice that they concluded was an important factor
considered by us in reaching a decision as to accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our
management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
 in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as of December 31
 2017.

Based
on the review described above
 our Chief Executive Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report.

(b)
Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred subsequent to our evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting for the period ended December 31
 2017 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;

Our
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting under the supervision
of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Management
evaluated the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
 based on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in May 2013
 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting were not
effective.


    
    


An
evaluation was performed
 under the supervision of
 and with the participation of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e) to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation
our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not adequate and effective
 as of December 31
 2017
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported
within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives
of the system are met and cannot detect all deviations. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation
of control can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or deviations
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected.

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this report.

Item
9B. Other Information







    
    

PART
III

Item 10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Our
bylaws provide that our board of directors shall consist of at least one member and will be determined by resolution of our board
of directors. The number of members of our board of directors is currently one.

The
following table lists our directors and provides their respective ages and titles as of December 31
 2017.



    
    
    
    
    

Joe E. Poe
 Jr. (1)
    
    
    
Chairman of the Board
    of Directors
 CEO


(1)
Effective May 4
 2017
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Joe E. Poe
 Jr. as Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board.

(2)
On June 4
 2014
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and
Secretary of the Company. On October 13
 2017
 the Company entered into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott
C. Martin whereby Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration for such resignation and Mr. Martin&rsquo;s
release of the Company from liability
 the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.

Executive
Summaries

Joe
E. Poe
 Jr.
 Chief Executive Officer and Director

Mr.
Poe
 age 56
 has worked in the securities industry since 1987
 currently working in compliance of customer securities deposits.
He currently serves on several Charity Boards
 including Chairman of the Oklahoma City Pow Wow Club.

Mr.
Poe graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1986
 where he was a member of its intercollegiate swimming team.

Board
Committees

The
Board does not currently have any committees.

Term
of Office

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the
Board.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 percent
of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These Section 16 reporting persons are required
by Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16 forms they file.&nbsp;

Item
11. Executive Compensation

The
following table sets forth compensation for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and each of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total
annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.



SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE
    

(a)
    
    Name and 
    Principal 
    Position
    
(b)
    Year
    
    
(c)
    Salary
    
    
(d)
    Bonus
    
    
(e)
    
    Stock 
    Awards
    
    
(f)
    Option Awards
    
    
(g)
    
    Non-Equity 
    Incentive
    Plan 
    Compensation
    
    
    
Nonqualified
        Deferred Earnings
        
    
    
(i)
    
    All 
    Other 
    Compensation
    
    
(j)
    
    Total
    

Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

Compensation
of Directors

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Employment
Agreements

The
Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Joe E. Poe on May 1
 2017.

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders
who were known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of December 31
 2017
 and our officers and
directors
 individually and as a group. Unless otherwise indicated
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power
with respect to such shares of common stock.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules
 shares of our common stock which
may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within
60 days of the date of the table are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees
 if applicable. Subject to community property
laws
 where applicable
 the persons or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
our common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence

We
have not entered into any transactions nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our Directors
 executive officers
stockholders or any member of their immediate family of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed by for services provided during our 2017 and 2016 fiscal years.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Audit
    related fees
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Audit
The fees identified under this caption were for professional services rendered by D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 PA
($0 and $0) for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 respectively in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review
of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The amounts also include fees for services that are
normally provided by the independent public registered accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and
engagements for the years identified.

Audit-Related
The fees identified under this caption were for assurance and related services that were related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; Audit-related
fees consisted primarily of fees paid for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and consents related to our uniform
franchise offering circulars.

Tax
Fees

Approval
Our audit committee approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm. All engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were pre-approved by
Board of Directors.&nbsp;

    
    





PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 Schedules



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase **



** Furnished
herewith.&nbsp;


    
    






Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
FRESH
    PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: March 21
 2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
Title
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
March 21
 2019

Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
    





    













     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 21
 2019
By:
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
        fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
        internal control over financial reporting.
        




Date: March 21
 2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

In connection
with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2017
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Principal Executive
Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information
    contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: March 21
 2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr. 

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

In connection
with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2017
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Principal Financial
Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information
    contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: March 21
 2019
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr. 

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    























        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Fresh&#13;Promise&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin

 2015
 the Financial&#13;Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split for the common stock of Fresh&#13;Promise. On December 30
 2014

 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
&#13;a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the assets&#13;and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed to&#13;exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution of its common shares&#13;to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement

 which contemplates realization of assets and&#13;the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following the date of these financial&#13;statements. On a consolidated basis

 this raises substantial doubt&#13;about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to raise additional funds and&#13;is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically

 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations of its wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&amp;#8217;s December 31
&#13;2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018


000. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company has not reached bank&#13;balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution


 but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company&#13;performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events&#13;or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment&#13;testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to&#13;its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches.&#13;The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the&#13;reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting&#13;unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the&#13;discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest&#13;rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s risk relative to the overall market
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used in the income approach include the terminal&#13;value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. The market approaches use&#13;key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. If the fair value of the reporting&#13;unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair&#13;value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. Step two calculates the implied fair&#13;value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value&#13;of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the&#13;reporting unit&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired&#13;on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill

 including revenue growth rates
 strategic&#13;plans and future market conditions

 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share.&amp;#8221; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted&#13;average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by&#13;dividing the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding&#13;during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for&#13;any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had convertible notes outstanding that could&#13;be converted into approximately 12
579
757
236 and 18
178
047
136 common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock at December 31
 2017 and 2016

 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock&#13;Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services&#13;are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments&#13;such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee&#13;stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized&#13;over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award



 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
 among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that&#13;some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about&#13;the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance&#13;of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all&#13;available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including&#13;the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.&#13;Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is&#13;more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits&#13;associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for&#13;uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled&#13;for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled&#13;upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively&#13;settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than&#13;not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management has&#13;not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31




212
941&#13;and $421
214 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and the Company had accumulated deficits of $12
246
070&#13;and $11
033
129 and working capital deficits of $3
607
005 and $3
185
791 at December 31
 2017 and 2016

&#13;the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&amp;#8217;s plan to obtain such resources for the&#13;Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various lenders
 institutions and significant stockholders sufficient to&#13;meet its minimal operating expenses. However

 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory&#13;to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations.&#13;However


 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations of its wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&amp;#8217;s December 31

728 in 2015. The decision to impair the assets was made as Harvest&#13;Soul was operating autonomously during the legal proceedings

 2018
 the Company&#13;executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;) providing for the sale of&#13;certain assets and the assignment of certain (i) notes payable

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31





 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31



938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;65
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Capital lease liability
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;43
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;43
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;559
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;559

169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;502

281
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
222

281
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
222

281

222



 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
&#13;a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the&#13;assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed&#13;to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at $463
007
 or $0.0001 per share

 2017
 as a result of&#13;significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed the impairment test as prescribed&#13;by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling $463

 2018
 the Company completed&#13;the distribution 4
630
081
800 shares of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy.&#13;Pursuant to the Agreement


 2014
 the Company converted&#13;$11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares from its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C.&#13;Canouse. The note had been purchased from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual conversion terms per agreement.&#13;The balance of this note was $8
263 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a convertible promissory note for $179
268 with its former chief executive officer and director Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash&#13;for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January 31
 2016. The conversion&#13;price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note remains $179
268&#13;at December 31
 2017. This note was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28

 2015
 the Company amended&#13;the terms of a convertible promissory note for $12
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse.&#13;The aged debt was purchased from its original note holder. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of April 1
 2016.&#13;The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $12
000 at December&#13;31

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a convertible promissory note for $62
229 with its former chief executive officer and director Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash&#13;for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of June 30
 2016. The conversion price&#13;is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $62
229 at December 31
 2017. Harvest&#13;Soul assumed this note in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a convertible promissory note for $152
333 with its executive vice president and director Scott C. Martin in lieu of cash for unpaid&#13;compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of June 30
 2016. The conversion price is the&#13;bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $152
333 at December 31
 2017. This note&#13;was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $30
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The note bears interest&#13;at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion&#13;price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this&#13;note remains $30
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000 with its former chief financial officer&#13;and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be&#13;converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price&#13;on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes remains $30
000 at December 31


 2017 and December 31









 January 1


264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Ending balance
 December 31




 December 31


 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January 5
 2016. It can be converted into&#13;common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior&#13;to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the&#13;notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of January 26
 2016. The note can be converted&#13;into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid&#13;prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. The note can be converted&#13;into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days&#13;prior to the date of conversion

 2015
 its holder sold&#13;dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of the note were modified. The note bears&#13;interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off the&#13;conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 13
 2016. The note can be converted&#13;into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days&#13;prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms&#13;of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 17
 2016. The note can be converted&#13;into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid&#13;prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28

 2015
 its holder sold two&#13;promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and the terms of the notes were modified.&#13;The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000. The notes bear interest at 6% and&#13;have a maturity date of August 24

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28

 2015
 the Company executed&#13;a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of September 4

 2015
&#13;the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating $99
500 to certain lenders.&#13;The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of these debt proceeds. It has&#13;exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As such
 the Company has made certain&#13;assumptions in regards to the contractual terms associated with these notes

 2017
 the majority&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their contractual maturity dates.&#13;To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default

 the Company concluded that a derivative&#13;liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date stock price. As of December 31
 2017 and&#13;2016
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled $1
699
583 and $1
090
696



 2017 and 2016. The related amortization&#13;expense was $0 and $265
264 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

 2017
&#13;the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $93
164 in note principal
 plus accrued interest totaling&#13;$38
223
 into 1
878
178

 2017
 the number of&#13;shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 8
969
560


999
990 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&amp;#160;December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had 10
000

000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&amp;#160;December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had 7
338
180
185 and&#13;878
592
947 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding

 2017
&#13;the company issued 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $93
164 in principal and $38
223 in&#13;accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes. Further
 the Company issued 4
630
081



 2017
 the Company&#13;had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $12.2 million that may be available to reduce our tax liability through&#13;tax year 2037. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $2
571
675 if the Company produces sufficient taxable income.&#13;No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&amp;#160;The Company has no provisions&#13;from income tax in 2017



 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(54


963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;66


571

316

571

316


 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires&#13;disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting&#13;guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active&#13;market for the identical liabilities is not available

 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may&#13;be used to measure fair value

 either directly or indirectly


 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#8221; and ASC 815
 &amp;#8220;Derivatives&#13;and Hedging&amp;#8221;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease&#13;in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions&#13;between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments.&#13;In addition



090

090

090

090


699

699

699

699


 January 1

172


 December 31

090


 December 31

699


 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard&#13;Maher
 et al (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Plaintiffs&amp;#8221;) filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District&#13;of Nevada (the &amp;#8220;Court&amp;#8221;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach of contract against Peter Hellwig
 et&#13;al (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Defendants&amp;#8221;). On March 30
 2017

 2016
 the Company entered&#13;into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &amp;#8220;Release Agreement&amp;#8221;). In accordance with&#13;the Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and Director and

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &amp;#8220;Release Agreement&amp;#8221;). In accordance with&#13;the Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and


 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2017 to the date these consolidated financial statements&#13;were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these consolidated financial&#13;statements

 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
&#13;a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the assets&#13;and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed to&#13;exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution of its common shares&#13;to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement

 2018
 David G. Wiser filed&#13;a lawsuit against the Company for debt acquired in the asset purchase agreement with Creative Edge Nutrition due to the non-convertibility&#13;of his debt resulting from the lack of shares available to issue while the Company was delinquent in its filings with the SEC.&#13;On April 27
 2018

 2018
 the Company&#13;executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;) providing for the sale of&#13;certain assets and assignment of certain (i) notes payable

 2018
 the Company issued&#13;a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 13

 2018
 the Company issued&#13;a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of December 12

 2018
 the Company has&#13;issued 160
000
000 shares of restricted common stock in a private placement sale with an accredited investor for gross proceeds&#13;totaling $16


 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Fresh&#13;Promise&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin

 2015
 the Financial&#13;Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split for the common stock of Fresh&#13;Promise. On December 30
 2014

 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
&#13;a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the assets&#13;and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed to&#13;exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution of its common shares&#13;to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement


 which contemplates realization of assets and&#13;the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following the date of these financial&#13;statements. On a consolidated basis

 this raises substantial doubt&#13;about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to raise additional funds and&#13;is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically


 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations of its wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&amp;#8217;s December 31
&#13;2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018

    



000. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company has not reached bank&#13;balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution

    


 but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company&#13;performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events&#13;or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment&#13;testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to&#13;its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches.&#13;The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the&#13;reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting&#13;unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the&#13;discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest&#13;rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s risk relative to the overall market
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used in the income approach include the terminal&#13;value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. The market approaches use&#13;key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. If the fair value of the reporting&#13;unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair&#13;value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. Step two calculates the implied fair&#13;value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value&#13;of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the&#13;reporting unit&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired&#13;on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill

 including revenue growth rates
 strategic&#13;plans and future market conditions


 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share.&amp;#8221; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted&#13;average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by&#13;dividing the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding&#13;during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for&#13;any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had convertible notes outstanding that could&#13;be converted into approximately 12
579
757
236 and 18
178
047
136 common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock at December 31
 2017 and 2016


 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock&#13;Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services&#13;are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments&#13;such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee&#13;stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized&#13;over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award




 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
 among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that&#13;some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about&#13;the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance&#13;of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all&#13;available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including&#13;the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.&#13;Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is&#13;more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits&#13;associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for&#13;uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled&#13;for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled&#13;upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively&#13;settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than&#13;not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management has&#13;not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31




 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31





 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31



938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;65
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Capital lease liability
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;43
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;43
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;559
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;559

169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;502

281
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
222

281
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
222

281

222


 2017 and December 31









 January 1


264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Ending balance
 December 31




 December 31





 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(54


963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;66



571

316

571

316



090

090

090

090


699

699

699

699



 January 1

172


 December 31

090


 December 31

699

    
    








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    



    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    































    

    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    


    


    
























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016




 $0.00001 par value. 9
000
000
000 shares authorized; 7
338
180
185 and 829
920
304 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      


      


      


      



 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis A



















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      
























      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      










      


      

      


      






      


      


      










      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      




      

      




      




      

      

      







      

      




      







      






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Mar. 21
 2019
Jun. 30
 2017













 INC.



























  2017



































































818



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



809
999
998
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
































466


466





221


492



Convertible note payable
 current

859


166





699
583


090
696





600


600





281
823


222
585





265
552


607
005





265
552


607
005

















Preferred stock - Series A
 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively






Common stock
 $0.00001 par value. 9
000
000
000 shares authorized; 7
338
180
185 and 829
920
304 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

382


300





947
036


417
724





286
070)


033
129)





265
552)


607
005)











































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.




























Amount classified as accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 par value






Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 authorized

999
990


999
990



Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 issued

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 outstanding

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000
000


000
000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

338
180
185


920
304



Common stock
 shares outstanding

338
180
185


920
304













































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016







































000







007







007







007)














887)


934





809)


996)





696)


062)





193
703)


062)












193
703)


062)



Discontinued operations
 net of income taxes

238)


152)





252
941)


214)

































639
773
469


919
771




































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))




























 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)



























Per basic and diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation
 when the per share amount is the same.





















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)


















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

















































































































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Beginning Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2015

000
000


920
304









Beginning Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2015



300


417
724


611
915)


185
791)











214)


214)



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

000
000


920
304









Ending Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2016



300


417
724


033
129)


607
005)











252
941)


252
941)



Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of assets of a business
 Shares



630
081
800









Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of assets of a business
 Amount



630
081
800


707




007



Conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest into common stock
 Shares



878
180
081









Conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest into common stock
 Amount



782


605




387



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2017

000
000


338
185









Ending Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2017



382


947
036


246
070)


265
552)























































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











252
941)


214)





238


152














263





558














887


934)





007





















251


733










































































































































007







387


810







810









































































































































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)



























Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.


















































































































Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







NOTE 1 &#8211; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES




 Inc. (&#8220;Fresh
Promise&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin
 multi-billion
dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors.


 2015
 the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split for the common stock of Fresh
Promise. On December 30
 2014
 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles
of Incorporation with respect to such 1-for-150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have been presented to give retroactive
effective for this reverse stock split.


 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the assets
and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed to
exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution of its common shares
to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company is in the process
of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional supplements and energy
drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.




statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following the date of these financial
statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating losses since its inception.


that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this raises substantial doubt
about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to raise additional funds and
is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital through the issuance of convertible
debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue to do so until such time that its
consolidated operations become profitable.




proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations of its wholly-owned
subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&#8217;s December 31
2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018
 Fresh Promise executed a definitive agreement to sell and transfer its
equity interest in Harvest Soul.


related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all years presented. For
additional information see Note 3 &#8212; Discontinued Operations.




accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;). The Company has
adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.


include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul Inc. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.




with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
 known or expected trends and various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available as of the date of these financial statements.
The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates.




highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company places its cash with a high
credit quality financial institution. The Company&#8217;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company has not reached bank
balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution
 the
Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&#160;




are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market
rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.




other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The goodwill arising from the Company&#8217;s
acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. Intangible assets have
either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their economic or legal life
 whichever is shorter.


are not amortized
 but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company
performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment
testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to
its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches.
The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the
reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting
unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the
discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest
rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&#8217;s risk relative to the overall market
 the Company&#8217;s
size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used in the income approach include the terminal
value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. The market approaches use
key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. If the fair value of the reporting
unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair
value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. Step two calculates the implied fair
value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value
of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the
reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired
on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in
an amount equal to the excess.


unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including revenue growth rates
 strategic
plans and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&#8217;s estimates and assumptions
made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. Changes in assumptions
and estimates could cause the Company to perform impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment tests scheduled in the fourth
quarter.




in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share.&#8221; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by
dividing the Company&#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for
any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had convertible notes outstanding that could
be converted into approximately 12
579
757
236 and 18
178
047
136 common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&#8217;s
common stock at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Shares which would result from the conversion of the convertible notes
were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2017 and 2016 because the effect would be anti-dilutive.




 Compensation &#8211; Stock
Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services
are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments
such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
 Equity &#8211; Based Payments
to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is
more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based
payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.


for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.




pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.


the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management has
not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014 through 2017. The tax year 2013 remains open for examination.




of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification&#8482; (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable
to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material
impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern
which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has
not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating
losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
 it could be forced to cease operations.


212
941
and $421
214 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and the Company had accumulated deficits of $12
246
070
and $11
033
129 and working capital deficits of $3
607
005 and $3
185
791 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&#8217;s plan to obtain such resources for the
Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various lenders
 institutions and significant stockholders sufficient to
meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing
any of its plans.


will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory
to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations.
However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations of its wholly-owned
subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&#8217;s December 31
2015 consolidated financial statements.


all of the assets of Harvest Soul resulting in a charge of $217
728 in 2015. The decision to impair the assets was made as Harvest
Soul was operating autonomously during the legal proceedings
 and the Company determined that the assets presented it with no future
economic benefit. The impairment charge is reflected under operating expenses in the operating results from discontinued operations
summarized below.


 2018
 the Company
executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) providing for the sale of
certain assets and the assignment of certain (i) notes payable
 (ii) accrued salaries and (iii) contracts (collectively the &#8220;Assumed
Liabilities&#8221;) to Purchaser and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Purchaser.


Harvest Soul subsidiary classified as discontinued operations are summarized below:




    
Year Ended December 31
 2017
    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    



classes of assets and liabilities of Harvest Soul classified as discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheets:




    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
51
461
    
    
    
51
461
    

    
    
98
938
    
    
    
65
348
    

Capital lease liability
 current
    
43
426
    
    
    
43
426
    

Convertible notes payable
 current
    
559
829
    
    
    
559
829
    

    
    
528
169
    
    
    
502
521
    

    
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

    
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

    
    
(1
281
823
    
    
    
(1
222
585
    






































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities of Giddby Up Energy Products
 Inc.


Dec. 31
 2017






Acquisition of the Assets and Liabilities of Giddby Up Energy Products
 Inc.

NOTE 4 &#8211; ACQUISITION OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF GIDDY UP ENERGY PRODUCTS
 INC.


 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the
assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed
to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at $463
007
 or $0.0001 per share
 which represents
fair market value.


 2017
 as a result of
significant delays in placing the acquired assets and liabilities into service
 the Company performed the impairment test as prescribed
by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling $463
007.


 2018
 the Company completed
the distribution 4
630
081
800 shares of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company is in the process of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's
business plan involving nutritional supplements and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










 2014
 the Company converted
$11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares from its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C.
Canouse. The note had been purchased from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual conversion terms per agreement.
The balance of this note was $8
263 at December 31
 2017.


 2015
 the Company executed
a convertible promissory note for $179
268 with its former chief executive officer and director Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash
for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January 31
 2016. The conversion
price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note remains $179
268
at December 31
 2017. This note was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018. It
is included under current liabilities of discontinued operations in the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheets.


 2015
 the Company amended
the terms of a convertible promissory note for $12
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse.
The aged debt was purchased from its original note holder. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of April 1
 2016.
The conversion price is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $12
000 at December
31
 2017.


 2015
 the Company executed
a convertible promissory note for $62
229 with its former chief executive officer and director Mr. Kevin P. Quirk in lieu of cash
for unpaid compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of June 30
 2016. The conversion price
is the bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $62
229 at December 31
 2017. Harvest
Soul assumed this note in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018. It is included under current liabilities
of discontinued operations in the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheets.


 2015
 the Company executed
a convertible promissory note for $152
333 with its executive vice president and director Scott C. Martin in lieu of cash for unpaid
compensation and expenses. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of June 30
 2016. The conversion price is the
bid price on the day prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note remains $152
333 at December 31
 2017. This note
was assumed by Harvest Soul in the assignment and assumption agreement dated August 28
 2018. It is included under current liabilities
of discontinued operations in the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheets.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $30
000 with its former chief financial officer and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The note bears interest
at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion
price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this
note remains $30
000 at December 31
 2017.


 2015
 the Company executed
two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000 with its former chief financial officer
and chairman Mr. Joseph C. Canouse. The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be
converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price
on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of these notes remains $30
000 at December 31
 2017.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










of the Company&#8217;s convertible notes at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:



    
    
December 31


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible notes
 net
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    



of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



Beginning balance
 January 1
 2016
    
    
603
902
    

    
    
    
265
264
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
869
166
    

    
    
    
9
558
    

    
    
    
(87
865
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
790
859
    



 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of January 5
 2016. It can be converted into
common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior
to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the
notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common
stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during
the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of January 26
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days
prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.


 2015
 its holder sold
dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of the note were modified. The note bears
interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off the
conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than
$0.0001.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 13
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days
prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms
of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of August 20
 2017. It can be converted into
common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid prices
during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 17
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the
3 days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 its holder sold two
promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and the terms of the notes were modified.
The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount
of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days
prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 21
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the
3 days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000. The notes bear interest at 6% and
have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion
price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February 28
 2016. The note can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
 the Company executed
a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of September 4
 2017. It can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2015
the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating $99
500 to certain lenders.
The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of these debt proceeds. It has
exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As such
 the Company has made certain
assumptions in regards to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent with other convertible debt securities
issued during the period.


 2017
 the majority
of the Company&#8217;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their contractual maturity dates.
To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default
 demands for payment or other forms of
claim as a result of these defaults.


at the time of their issuance for derivative accounting consideration. In some instances
 the Company concluded that a derivative
liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date stock price. As of December 31
 2017 and
2016
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled $1
699
583 and $1
090
696
 respectively.


was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
    
    

    
    

December&#160;31

        
    
    

December&#160;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    



as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible debentures. The remaining debt
discounts associated with these beneficial conversion features was $0 as of both December 31
 2017 and 2016. The related amortization
expense was $0 and $265
264 for the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. See Note 9 &#8211; Fair Value Measurements
for additional details.


 2017
the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $93
164 in note principal
 plus accrued interest totaling
$38
223
 into 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock.


 2017
 the number of
shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 8
969
560
081 shares.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







NOTE 7 &#8211; STOCKHOLDERS&#8217;
EQUITY (DEFICIT)




of 69
999
990 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&#160;December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had 10
000
000 shares of its Series
A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The majority of the Series A preferred stock entitles the stockholders to 67% overall
voting rights.





consists of 9
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&#160;December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had 7
338
180
185 and
878
592
947 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.


 2017
the company issued 1
878
178
081 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $93
164 in principal and $38
223 in
accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes. Further
 the Company issued 4
630
081
800 shares of common stock
in connection with the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities from Creative Edge Nutrition. These issuances were exempt
from registration under rule 144.


year ended December 31
 2016.&#160;



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










 2017
 the Company
had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $12.2 million that may be available to reduce our tax liability through
tax year 2037. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $2
571
675 if the Company produces sufficient taxable income.
No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&#160;The Company has no provisions
from income tax in 2017
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.


rate of 21% to the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(242
278
    
    
    
(54
193
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
(54
686
    
    
    
(12
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
296
963
    
    
    
66
425
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
571
675
    
    
    
2
316
957
    

    
    
    
(2
571
675
    
    
    
(2
316
957
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes.




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value
hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires
disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting
guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active
market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity is required to measure fair value using one or more of
the techniques provided for in this update.


hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may
be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:


markets for identical assets and liabilities.


1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets of liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the asset or liabilities.


that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.&#160;


a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers factors specific to the asset
or liability.


with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#8221; and ASC 815
 &#8220;Derivatives
and Hedging&#8221;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease
in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions
between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments.
In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the
Black-Scholes modes.


its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black
Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair
value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments
to fair value of derivatives.


in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
090
696
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
090
696
    

    
    
    
1
090
696
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
090
696
    



in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    




of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



Beginning balance
 January 1
 2016
    
    
1
172
631
    

    
    
    
(81
935
    

    
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
1
090
696
    

    
    
    
(608
887
    

    
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
1
699
583
    





































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Note
10 &#8211; Commitments and Contingencies


 2013
 Clinton H. /Richard
Maher
 et al (collectively
 the &#8220;Plaintiffs&#8221;) filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District
of Nevada (the &#8220;Court&#8221;) alleging claims including securities fraud and breach of contract against Peter Hellwig
 et
al (collectively
 the &#8220;Defendants&#8221;). On March 30
 2017
 the Court issued an order granting in part motion for default
judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs.


 2016
 the Company entered
into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &#8220;Release Agreement&#8221;). In accordance with
the Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and Director and
 in consideration for
such resignations and Mr. Quirk&#8217;s release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Quirk from liability.


 2017
 the Company entered
into a Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &#8220;Release Agreement&#8221;). In accordance with
the Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as Director and
 in consideration for such resignation and Mr. Martin&#8217;s
release of the Company from liability; the Company released Mr. Martin from liability.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










Events
 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2017 to the date these consolidated financial statements
were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these consolidated financial
statements
 except as follows:


 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the assets
and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed to
exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution of its common shares
to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company is in the process
of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional supplements and energy
drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.


 2018
 David G. Wiser filed
a lawsuit against the Company for debt acquired in the asset purchase agreement with Creative Edge Nutrition due to the non-convertibility
of his debt resulting from the lack of shares available to issue while the Company was delinquent in its filings with the SEC.
On April 27
 2018
 the lawsuit was settled when the Company issued Mr. Wiser one preferred share convertible into 850 million shares
of common stock.


 2018
 the Company
executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Harvest Soul
 LLC (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) providing for the sale of
certain assets and assignment of certain (i) notes payable
 (ii) accrued salaries and (iii) contracts (collectively the &#8220;Assumed
Liabilities&#8221;) to Purchaser and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by the Purchaser.


 2018
 the Company issued
a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of March 13
 2019. The note can
be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the lowest bid
price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2018
 the Company issued
a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of December 12
 2019. The note
can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the lowest
bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion.


 2018
 the Company has
issued 160
000
000 shares of restricted common stock in a private placement sale with an accredited investor for gross proceeds
totaling $16
000.




































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










 Inc. (&#8220;Fresh
Promise&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin
 multi-billion
dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors.


 2015
 the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split for the common stock of Fresh
Promise. On December 30
 2014
 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles
of Incorporation with respect to such 1-for-150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have been presented to give retroactive
effective for this reverse stock split.


 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Fresh Promise executed an asset purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased the assets
and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
 the Company agreed to
exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the distribution of its common shares
to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company is in the process
of spinning out its existing assets and liabilities and assuming Giddy's business plan involving nutritional supplements and energy
drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.







statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period following the date of these financial
statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating losses since its inception.


that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this raises substantial doubt
about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to raise additional funds and
is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital through the issuance of convertible
debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue to do so until such time that its
consolidated operations become profitable.







proceedings involving certain former management
 Fresh Promise decided to discontinue its business operations of its wholly-owned
subsidiary Harvest Soul. This business was classified as discontinued operations beginning with the Company&#8217;s December 31
2015 consolidated financial statements. In August 2018
 Fresh Promise executed a definitive agreement to sell and transfer its
equity interest in Harvest Soul.


related to Harvest Soul have been reclassified as discontinued operations on a retrospective basis for all years presented. For
additional information see Note 3 &#8212; Discontinued Operations.








accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;). The Company has
adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.


include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul Inc. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.







with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
 known or expected trends and various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available as of the date of these financial statements.
The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates.







highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company places its cash with a high
credit quality financial institution. The Company&#8217;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company has not reached bank
balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution
 the
Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&#160;







are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market
rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.







other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The goodwill arising from the Company&#8217;s
acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. Intangible assets have
either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their economic or legal life
 whichever is shorter.


are not amortized
 but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company
performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment
testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to
its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches.
The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the
reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting
unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the
discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest
rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&#8217;s risk relative to the overall market
 the Company&#8217;s
size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used in the income approach include the terminal
value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. The market approaches use
key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. If the fair value of the reporting
unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair
value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. Step two calculates the implied fair
value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value
of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the
reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired
on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in
an amount equal to the excess.


unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including revenue growth rates
 strategic
plans and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&#8217;s estimates and assumptions
made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. Changes in assumptions
and estimates could cause the Company to perform impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment tests scheduled in the fourth
quarter.







in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share.&#8221; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by
dividing the Company&#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for
any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had convertible notes outstanding that could
be converted into approximately 12
579
757
236 and 18
178
047
136 common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&#8217;s
common stock at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Shares which would result from the conversion of the convertible notes
were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2017 and 2016 because the effect would be anti-dilutive.








 Compensation &#8211; Stock
Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services
are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments
such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
 Equity &#8211; Based Payments
to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is
more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based
payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.


for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.







pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.


the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management has
not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014 through 2017. The tax year 2013 remains open for examination.







of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification&#8482; (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable
to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material
impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;



























































































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









Harvest Soul subsidiary classified as discontinued operations are summarized below:




    
Year Ended December 31
 2017
    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(59
238
    
    
    
(163
152
    



classes of assets and liabilities of Harvest Soul classified as discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheets:




    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
51
461
    
    
    
51
461
    

    
    
98
938
    
    
    
65
348
    

Capital lease liability
 current
    
43
426
    
    
    
43
426
    

Convertible notes payable
 current
    
559
829
    
    
    
559
829
    

    
    
528
169
    
    
    
502
521
    

    
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

    
    
1
281
823
    
    
    
1
222
585
    

    
    
(1
281
823
    
    
    
(1
222
585
    






































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










of the Company&#8217;s convertible notes at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:



    
    
December 31


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible notes
 net
    
    
790
859
    
    
    
869
166
    



of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



Beginning balance
 January 1
 2016
    
    
603
902
    

    
    
    
265
264
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
869
166
    

    
    
    
9
558
    

    
    
    
(87
865
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
790
859
    






The value of the derivative liabilities
was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
    
    

    
    

December&#160;31

        
    
    

December&#160;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
































































Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







A reconciliation of the federal statutory
rate of 21% to the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(242
278
    
    
    
(54
193
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
(54
686
    
    
    
(12
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
296
963
    
    
    
66
425
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The cumulative tax effect at the expected
rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
571
675
    
    
    
2
316
957
    

    
    
    
(2
571
675
    
    
    
(2
316
957
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
090
696
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
090
696
    

    
    
    
1
090
696
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
090
696
    



in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    

    
    
    
1
699
583
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
699
583
    






The following table sets forth a summary
of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



Beginning balance
 January 1
 2016
    
    
1
172
631
    

    
    
    
(81
935
    

    
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
1
090
696
    

    
    
    
(608
887
    

    
    
    
    
    

Ending balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
1
699
583
    










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


















007







696


062















































238)


152)












238)


152)
































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.




























Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
































466


466





221


492





699
583


090
696





265
552


607
005





265
552


607
005








































461


461





938


348



Capital lease liability
 current

426


426



Convertible notes payable
 current

829


829





169


521





281
823


222
585





281
823


222
585





281
823)


222
585)
































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.

























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











859


166










Total convertible notes
 net

859


166



































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016























Expected volatility
 min






Expected volatility
 max






































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











278)


193)



State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

686)


232)





963


425
































































































































Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











316
957


571
675





316
957)


571
675)














Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




699
583


090
696





699
583


090
696






















































699
583


090
696





699
583


090
696







Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











090
696


172
631





887)


935)












699
583


090
696
































































Amount of gain (loss) recognized in the income statement of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.




























Fair value of financial instrument classified as derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 
IT=4X?(\\#P    !







B+GZ)S9W@)V24S1+:AS'<FQR+NW

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M



16\UU4C%^%%J?89(7FXL)K*)]ZR





Q%Q/%'7V+- O
H&
M


M!Q7GLI'!GBM]2=NK]
2Y8GHKT9
.XD6W8\.D8B=EAC





M;F@2E8!-()X- F8AJ6

D&4FEMX0K*$OC

MEF8DV2BD$3X-A86SE*;
7R!4R)A

9*G% ]4

MN$H_7!F
S3M\GV+*R8W*\)!E
&2E'[*(!CR\:4U/$EV=:;N/C!]YLROJ-GC1
MQAZ/W2%VJ[51=CQR;[?MWG[77!JEVIKN-K'W37^X[QM&'X8/E^CR];3X!U!+


M970S+GAM;(V576^;
!2&_PKB?L5@/B.M&2:-FF3JD[;KIW$:@&
]M)NG\_
$M\;J_^&;YA(N2*1.8Z4</WK


]EGPWTS# 3MQ[LT



MH/%L .\#^$= :(OOR&RIGS*=K1:UNGIU][1.67LHZ 

M8V9

*&*4(H84J4
!)8!B




NK%!KK790R+EPD1$=C3J,))(;;*X.6*%Q[[371:D6L31T=G2#


MX)B3C#EP4V705.%C#O^_'W.2
0?NI PZJ?LKLF;0(


O


K


M:#CX-

UF*3'0KU)(]?11]0$@9]]-_%


DP!-V4MQ1

M
4L2O:)-7(RG3:@CV=\F+NX& !$V-H@EAXDH8@AE/ASP+PY8)^W?-(P@E.

M:&5E='
 O@10,%B@!HU



7G8

8SNI$89

MF+FLF5K!Q*0(S/\9_!-F'2'8F2\ ()+5/(\[QKACB3LB\P4 1
+*LF9J!7..


8\ X9K.:)QBWK)E:P8QCR3AB$[= )*TL
M:J96
-T8T(U-N@&1M/(\W1C3C0'=V*0;$$DKS].-
=T8T(U-N@&1M/(\W1C3

ND&

)I:PJ13@'3*)!T0R?\[$!_ST(XS

MSDE?6

8\QO!ES!S! ON<@J^E./-_X'P=OEM5N$OPW1\*[]<)
M]JL$^T2P_V^):S''OY*P14\UV9-DR

W_2 V?^/B%U!+ P04




2[ _6]J8





SW5!=T$0

G9
M-1#-

7C?UOC/&
M4G8W.$(=?K#%D-#X<'R/9SN-V61XT\\_BW?N/P-4$L#!!0    ( 
IT=4YE

5=UH(6[PQY


!14/BJ(
ML-W@92*0B&-G[
F74)&XOK\IOXAU1YJN0H'3ZA^R-IW!7V@I(9&#
H_X_@1






Z^N&X+9!MF1)(/MOB5N8^[^
ML%5/-=@V39


M 0  T@

+=4YOMX=C&N)CP(N P2W.)%1R-N8M& ]53C=!$$@H?6#@N%W@
M#J0

F%I2B^/NXQWW8;S9[2?8.B9 
D
V

M;$P4E=]SSXO


M&3-'


ML-F04/MPO


MT@



6\!'PS&&TJS

M/HVW61
O(0-Q?;ZH?XNU^UI.S

YN)_
MP!F$AX=


T

_2N('U NY-I5
MIR12K]/42IMTZK3U



6@_)

+2M'B;=IE%_=QNDF3&;8-X#. +X#;F(=-B:+RC\*+

MVVG
)L.;?OY!;/G&Q4]02P


M:9

=EH[(MK 3QYU:IS.6V]
M[X^




M[X^G-

MP/7YC?UCK!UKN0@'#T8]R\JW.;VCI():#

M4^][$9YX?^38FS(X8ROB'8IWZ+T6^T.:L6L@FF-.4PQ?QRP1#-F7%'PKQ8G_
5=
P<N1B/+QO[7QOC :7L;G$6OQ@BZ&@]N'X <]V&K/)
M\*:??Q!;OG'Q&U!+ P04     #*='5.QP3U*K4!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O



MV8+B]@H[T/ZF1J.X\Z9IF.T



M]M:AFEB\%
5?QEWHN _CS2Z=8.N 9 (D


D+[SSP-XF

9QVPT'';3

MS-IC&P48!_ Z_?L]CI6:_4%F.&

M


O


+VH70'QGS50=:^!O;@\&;



MZKNL0U?0.TIJ:
2@PJ

/5L\L*$6+
MEVF7)NWC=

M*](=BO?HO9;[6YZS:R2:8TY3#%_'+!$


M!!0    ( 

M=#$X+GAM;'56VXZ;




T3X^4/U'QC

DS#37<S'V



D+






.(PFM4<^4I.2KWXQ<\JQQMO 24UC
P-YSA 83P1


*$


$%     @ RG1U3L1DMWC% 0
(#C[NT'V/6\C/XQ<#GWG'.!ZVQ4^L6T
M !:]BY-CEMK^R
AIFQ!

.N6NB&FU\JD0XH4GR@0C625QD
M(7;61:8&RSL)9XW
( 33OT_ U9CC#7X+/'5-:WV %%G/&O@.]D=_UFY%%I:J
M$R!-IR324.?X?G
\[3P^ )X[&


M/9&S\6OFQ(ND3US/W]@_A=I=+1=FX$'QGUUEVQSO
:J@9@.W3VK\#'
].XSF





.T7NHB*[

M 




M*@1)06B2[(EDO

AZ

MLT'89S4^P5Q/BM%

MLLO(U1/-F-.$H2O
9D$0Q[Y(T)C$B?X73N/AVVB&VQ^7:NGASC!+DJPP2[
M?TI
;TJ


M='

RYX;6R-EMN.VC 0AE\ERGTWMD/
08 $5%4KM=)JJ[;7!@Q$
MF\2I;6#[]K6=D$TR)NP-L9U_QM]


0
F?:3.4Q4J7D;.^

MN

9WVKI@YG'A&YYEUI/A^%L[

4(]7*V@:[NH5 O


'+Y:TSY6GY(IB2=]&H\.TQ@G=\X?]M='

MXG[%/L9\5$FD-=.T29M4==IV31
G007

MCK)Y:7=*.^U+*IV[N^4JN^#H%WM1)FU=[(6E3ZRD4V9*;W9;(.V;D2V[HK*
M(@!HJ#


7






MCMJ'S.@W1!

#4Q8\!(3KE5 M KVXS:$^-FY
M/DQ0H4D
#T/;?X!U!+ P04     #*='5.MQ0K#ML!  #L!




M)_I 0E.@3]%NGUJ\ [QT


A/(
MBH G9R[J9ZIIF4LQ!G+Z6 .U9R+:$;.9E6VZO7-K)JTRW4L9QU&.+U9HQCQ-


M]MDADX#6QM1VPO;O:QN639Q17K!G?.;






39D[T^M?TI
M3 :'HW'3I9VKH34.AI'=V/7)].LI_P-02P
$%     @ RG1U3NY-W(\H @








M4$L#!!0    ( 

M:&5E=#(X+GAM;'V476^;
!2&_PKB?G7 0-((D%JJ:9

MZ/[]_$$1(59NL

M9KPC4H7\A
3 @52FJ*

E(V9
M'_B?B=?VU$B=0'DZD!/\ ODV'+B*T.Q2M1WTHF6]QZ'._*=@7\1:;P2_6QC%
M8N[I3HZ


JSD*R;

M L6;%9#5)(N-OKB)7

MF50'V1RWFC$)RF[SH/P:=0'- 85:ZNE6S;G]#6T@V3#=
&B^YO+_4$L#!!0
M   ( 

M+GAM;(V6W8Z;
@K%WYV+]L

MTZEL&7O3B^_[E1]H(JPD]JJ.$


M1:%4Y*
;R]J

M-E@X#18/5-/66'E
2D88J1
CO5]-6V)13$I&%#AP]Y# 48[/+#YI0_B!BO:B



@EH;4QM)VS_OKX0EA!W7V)[..?


M2G


M0U75^M?;+*_^\[N;NEZ]^/[[:G&3W

MFR2I;[/OQ\/A]/O;.

MF^2UCO.E/LGKM+[7ISF/F1:Y'NB/\U=ZY]GS/WQ?__B'[_$C_G TUN^*O+ZI

3\\;#[\XSJ'+X?=7]KE'G4NM_FZ
MO/$AN4ZKNHSAN[/X-FF^]?K#R?PG??[A_;O3^8E^_?[]JWFD3\^.=WN&.X8%



MC0=[HQYXO4ZSI-3'\-UU4;: -;^-






MW:$WDZN]!)0 A^FN/:@?F41')[3F'1'J/[Q0U@Q

M+]

MJQ0PH.-VK&_7C*=+/L!NS/%/_/?FK!]$
EKO5I]NH%X[YS%B]TU2IT 5GP





M@!W'-S&P&_B





&


MG-\K?A*$R0_+I@-HQ
ZRH1]$#-/5VT








MMZOUXF;S!G?U49:Q*L^7&#; _[J)X0 NDR37A-]YS3?T&L\%UEP61'L2E=C3





M\W6).C7A(+YU9(XA7%]:F2NY0B&L(HRN5H;WKVM:8_)K6FU0%UBQ!0YRB^_0

M1GR?P9U_4[!?'13;


M A#.N\:K#.]8D!J:6 
Q_YP





N3I7(L3?\4


?4%.'CP*A;EVP\KQSZ


SQ+CR

4O%#8M:
21O(H.W(2?X[3C%[ER*4-0IY/O]4%@<#237[57YQ8
M(VE 1^T .Q!D'GY8*6D1ER7)V=XI]!PP;ESAQE':PUCN%G0:D6!0N(BHK@!
MD6_@0BYJI&YFQ4#+


M'9


%$X=^^J^

MYPJNC!CQ2-KL!RM39FU)1@:PPA?P^'&%:82@*:/K).H:L\+6H5 #X7M1!



F$T.UO.& *2$1POVS(4_Q


B(@U5!
90R56ACM!'?() ;Q\1+CC98I4$
^;R 1


MB?#Z.2$B DAJ3X](*JAH-+685]FB;J;I#[EPU

7$H%:





MNE#

H/%A@EB5LU?!0%6X--(Z^.4



% !(T?J!#3+&@G9A'=L_WZ




L#9Y;%:U7;^P30B]C77


G3.8 A5FTPXM=




\G  ?I&@U]-**E*2G_443*SJ),+Y-*-]QWCFO3^<?ETGD?:0\#/K-5
M?,_DT/=*6<,CQJ(4]TEB\PK(&F(X/UR;\L6TCG*@P(ZG/ 1D6$(J#Q9/?%F





R?
C(R'-]*HTL$PCPJAR _1380-@AF






/0%(
8VHBLP&H 
= 63F







D9! MRI9F-B]++X3FSF#*C#VH8E@

M)-R7%;

MI?JB#L(&J)(4*B27HN'$(B92

MF&ICK
/LJP59KTBXM[E@BT)$ E+E=%H_E#Q%P3&&TX9).P]\RA8-C!
@) NC

M+8PL!+=O(1E15+ZA\/(__).QR7;&?LT(]6P4C4?CZ'!_1*:%9_MC_&%_*\+=

:5]C;:
M2MW$6$LZ;%3V2QZ2P\SQ
CB]/W9_+<\UZ^=
MY^JS8 JEH2@%  YHFL3?Z=<%)<7=18D%K)'FV(
*


0S7JE@;LTU#7$237\($]^X?<J3?OCW6.SBFZ'OG$I)7
M6JV/V9HQ\9

$50C%U75


3\4CUMLW0H+;.1C#4'OXUAK=G
M$WG[H;<08;=KXO&


?/KF]-6K7_3'

$ !<=RM9.0BR,;'&(HGZ(('0D!EX8F76&A$:LE$@8)PH&O=^3

G2Y


M\O;H A3@\Z
/%[_HBP]'9W

59.OP
)^(]%E:QN

&BZ&9(@FFX$H#$%-;W4A@KSA^WN08N(!Z/K!E
M?.^27?B'VJO%5A%/PV3UO/2KH7I\%R=9VC<KP:\JOLD+X)#CT6-NVS41S+!





M)]KM#;\VH^I#)O4PMPDV
O5&DEC!1CIC





^!CW=R&;5$^T?OOVO*\46PN<N#2=BXJ6

#3WO@[Z@GNKC9I.O 'WYF*O6

%%EVG+/?KV:A)+RS\1/O?U[7WK[






MF=?
F8


M
 &5FQUAAF


+VC2UJV9T.Q9*W
M*=S&X?:\3U-8=4!WE$FKT




;

5A/L4Z[_MC)YK-
?HW\E_U(=6

Q



'S%(
MY*4(9
6]: 1[3W/&+*OQ1GJ5K2N;^V_1PF36J6=[LV@\WHM8#QU%LP/I_S ;




MSY.%E).V$9Y^])Q'A3R3&Y5O(R)#/;R:E



I3ZN\HK1[![OZ+ZY?O&C%4M#8R&7M

.

MIMEZJ/T8I2D 81%V


)KXG?P/UWGQ27C[ :]/E8
M^WU$26TVQT&*8[=DX5HWU)T]M-F.R64Z!9WL[JQTU@4[JR;RG8+V(%S!%%C
M%R[I\' PG#S7'0


M]N[*J*[8^BGNW-8T!BR@%]1(VU[9_J:2E%[DO.:
;)-I;OX5:=
)
+RDU%
.


M=S
F18JB-6(:TV6S]I(4S7:D='_F&L:]XMI-:RX\'=2((_&;K5*F=1P.AR/
MT-]O1K#^$^Z=_%.RO(:AY!/L?]WIN*%.GJ8K+6E#5%W5![LU4+-\#XIEY'KX

9+(%





?T\%'HYE'8D^ );





BF1#3#9M-:+XND\MI;
M4@

M?/_[K:O)

M5_'G=*G?[.J_I-A


-Z-





=PZC!G&J'^26A-\(\5IXF\3!8Q<+!@2&M8X@AN


MAFGTJZP@X1$8.8S.9-LK6%GB6EG/U%Z,[J-C8O#/S6:$:0_Z7TJ62;_&&*
S;[H@=I6\C]DB:%
M79[S3/3:5NX+W?EI.W2.Q8M%B2KMI7RBO'HA7F A_E/2'C&R[1HY.=(??)ZL
M/-$_]!BS<(VTRNI.'^?ZS='1N7-I780$3)E4B]A'5<#+N-D3&Z@U= ?\'I(





M CBY8A.B1:


M=$?E:V+;1)I8C^M



%)
C






MQSRUV*S0;HRPJFY0EEW=8 I;M6#C,L?BL76I!&:A7=?T[)N_RKV
*9N.@4

J5VFS+'4_+J52F!12[7+F0ZL0@+JB(IL+63%Z*'KFL
MS*Y\CQQ&==X@9\*=4PPSAI:21D%N&'\=@)@88T#@XE@GS+&3%/:N].!E*I4_



MG&?



!OM%[17O=27..%.X DO$5T;/MB)9J\!6

MH2DIK+?S%I#Q.86TF#*5&-6P78[%@\-H?$78X$YF7^'@F=2G+RK=D(XQGKHZ


M+4XZI$:B&RP0HP LX9-*@+PNI+!PS@-SQAV5DW'( 8

M&1;#
MC8K[!.7,\C.UQB0#D<@A6( ^^(I5!@[DH9@=)PI%9*8GD
V8+Q15ZR1VVP.

MKMG\_\LP@H_:WC?!6.E[AADD]!43^'-8*Z80V8.Q]:J 6
3B$V[R9#9.
MF
JL%!T -VPRG PFP*.E=+FY7GP?SP4)
'3R#.8[



X)%W6
M+/W$:6HQ-8YPBF P


MJ(K

MJC$
%7)-$MX4;GG 6Q[@E@?2:







+@8;SE3&MY64
$C-

!E VR7R<)B
MNY1:I=,I[EXH;;*O40[=/
-#Z=J'F=4++'54020N;+^S0IQ=6E?

M@N*YC2HYYH


M?Z5WGK68?]N


ODE_KEUFQ^-1\



MG2()QRT&MA:VDOGGHBHA3++89)6BZ'8ZPUS_=@?U

_P6




$L_Q
4]HM'Q)@]\G/0_Q]U-J
M'SY(\ H3!$
E:5QH-1=T03W@%# )9


O

M:NF

AJ/-0(@[/(%?BCWNKB!^#;Z2D!)4


M
6\<3RA9



686T_;
!2 _XJ5E[$'UL;E+HH$


1UF_8R)UNDS63LP8^'@
MW.AV+M7#

LS-I/&NHF?._1LI)*-?(
RE&RE7[YK(]^T
M%MA#@L?[L@


M!+9-@&U_1O2L#]](VJW$@=])7@G7&O!
)ZV5JP-VWK2-HTPKRRW4@
M=]-GFM

28FDM\BS

88\'+IOL:4E$;RQ!ZY


2F'Y)\C$;9Q
MYW/

MV_#$MEG9WYOL=]&)!8
%#AMC4N[AB=WS 1//8F 

98U+NX8G=LRXA



M



-!# ]*PD$)/&@5#EK!@];AH#4\:!






S@.7


JPF)5A
2O#8E:&Q:P
BUD9
M%K
R+&9E6

M3A\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !     %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!


O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*





M   ( 



M A0#%     @ RG1U3J ?P.O[ P  -Q0  !@              ( !HQ@  'AL


IT=4ZX%TH3M $

M;6Q02P$% ,4     #*='5.TJ/ .+0!  #2 P  &               @ &^

M34*T 0  T@





M='



M Q0    ( 


3

M;6Q02P$% ,4     #*='5.QP3U*K4!  #2 P  &0              @ $I

IT=4YU

M965T

  !D







M A0#%     @ RG1U3@ND__C$ 0  -P0  !D              ( !7#8  'AL


YX;6Q02P$% 
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(Q
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,IT=4[)M]C_Q0$  #<$   9              
M 5






M

 @  !D




P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 

M            310  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M 
IT=4Z&/=AA

N





N



MG0_X\[6;%B
EC]@,#LE8&!7Y(XE.G4=^B7*2]%<13EH^EP^5GR(;L;RP_PT!8\)9/
M,^\]_%+Y!8 !OYX.'?TR!3KDD^*%1*;#<1*/@E3VX]A')AS12^T.O**9! GK
M8TKD^U7V!='DQR'M5'_<#[;T]L_4O^-^AGG_].;-$#!\49\T$
QTWAQE
D?

M-[\ R[9;W?V=G=;/'ZHO%]-]F#J?FFT


M#1(RW





%K

M]?(TBT?_^V6


M?KZ#/\9QZH:_)G$^3F&(


?WP&D!E$N?0+/#$]8:+OQRKR&D/VL89L0WVO

XE$0

M




M '_^



M70;Z2-


$UDL

M/_TU=&$SKJ6



^?4NO
HWA'&'@
M@E #* $70'




[X+O)EOZ3Y4QT&3LL*:@Q\:-&VS3ZW8(\)

6
M
DC2N67$7;MID)8E4AX@,U#+]T7*6P$F1H@@&).P8$YPQB6M(='I
D4_ #
O5_HA_#H%&<@;A%0TM1A)L5XC?6&4VX^R[HYS[L*!/B-5!.


MHQJP #7.]]XG(%TBSCNEFV;QPK:X0N
 R%
ZDTP4L3)F



M2BO_!IM7E#A2/ 8! ^^V!FQP*#




$&L;N=^30O\SH1SV^8+Q3


A*
?=OE^+7
MP\
\A$I<M')1QY0Q*HZF,Q0Q?S&Q0.+CQ#!0)HJBU] G+-E1EIH=S84Y)$RLZ
M







MT
+8 VI!U%GT8F(JGILD%)RT=F3&9N/B&2.)I#@1K-H/4-F.






MAN]@I%I\CU(3KDS+84PY0%ULM2A4[46:S0@S2V2ZD1'/Y*)+A)ALT+KL5T
MZCT[;2B.7 )5NP+$+I*








M W

!PTQSA;6%VJ%@FIT0HQ%)Z=78;;Z69'.L4-J'05.CH
M(G)!Y6PAENYOBTM\)XXDYU\G*O(]7#E;94QRY)!=ZKQPP0H/4*Z!]A!T!T

MXETC6XW4DT(YD7_(4EFF 6%T03QHG.T829%&NTJPEF0H$2M2QF:C,_6B






/AG:
M%L=!2(FCTE[ %(R ::


.$()?1+.CKT-I
M_IBK0

IR!#XRC13^L*;X;*5




MJ=Y$E%O
D&/WCNTC.\?1G')CJ6!\)]$33FZ 38LHM/:.0#Z6W^1@!Q?@4:U=
MX: Y=!0!YA\=LZ
(ONKZO!%UULJK:8


.K%G#:12\[C$DGI=&!!=A@*O,17FU$N-=?Y?0^EL&TD4B


3KR5V7SV*HB3KFAG/$^8=K6PNIQ[4



MBVQ=_I!!2^XW-Z


-FTNJ1WVR_4#?*FG3M
MG

(Q;6F(6JL9VF-,!?&'@<R\SS1VK<@H %3%-!8H*


M-U:KH+Y(2$?F7





MM7'1.BL


M')(\UEW@;A1:0I_0;XO?XEM
VRB%FF%P5$TZQ4C%[F94

M8;GQ#O[
\8_<QC
:USF+8


^&/A?WCYADVNN$#


/H +QY?2
)
<LE46#A\W!?=SQ3RX89PGPS =N]B%YT]O6F_H


MVK;

MF.\M!?/T






9N6)BEKMAWK3DUK;
1]H#RC
RK4I7D([<?ZKV1)3:=E_KP(FLX\<EPP6ZUXJ5!E[J;Y0V
MJ7%-:MQ&I



MTDB)1R&M[73VVZE=AHY4?N-ZHDV._67U+
;4ZL2E8T
J*1$:]LH]9%1M3^
MF!M'H-P



3
M)Y?XQ*]GQ\?_$-\NQ


 GP XG]2




M9G0XY69EA^^\Y*N-] U7]@6WO@S=.^K$
 ZIE0#?(85B.*'F#5.I+8A@WU.9




M0IHNN
ID04JLT7%


M#B19G/I)$'W'2ZD]'&. !(SRW5

*S16U_Q$_@O.$?7B5)!+D7I

MNMO6&P:R;]WR&N


M+MZ;)R/+.**Y7#V3'KE\D9^XID=CTW.(;F'
\72
EL2WGM+5W&AO&+N




C BV1W YOGR.B-ZK@$
MGM. E@XC

MUW$ZG8.U5C@6

MQ7:WX^SL[!3
6/ ?!J HI!3XFC0







MW^4(=]4
JA1S3N

MYMY!R]GOSEO5W'0



L^T7EYE8=Y\-WI2





U!H0ZLH$

9




MWV(5'D18P!DG4Q6WTO]3=+8A74UC3R??![3V0T2K[8L%&$_S4S!T%MVMR=

9\'Z9*MI4WG_
M#S?QAJ*]MSHCO01!8Z)O
AEVGDR&7


M'A:$BSJLK
(PW8RK
:TUP=^'IS\NT(4E@#
J +N.27S1))C (\&-[M!.U_=(
M7]T





E!C[&\E:AT1)4ZYM0[R
W'_&*&WMT[N'

MI3^0D\0(4!1R +_L


M


MRA=W@0Q]\:[]OK+\Q^O[!]8S7Y?9.7;Q$?.^_19/#8S[^WQ+F2CYS:VSH
M%]E7ZFU#0@T)+8J$YI3(#W8ZF$4$BUK9UR#]OM7'$QUS-D7)CN\Z\[8'GA/R
M%V



EB]R=9$94)TC%



MQ^%:P+:SO[?OM.&?UGY;I$


)





V_).G/#D&X

M(KDZ\0?@)N99TG 17Y79!#KH(FJPY,_L*R:74Q\.Y$#X$*NV1K6B0Y++N]

#)*_?'&MGZ^R5;_^S\
MZ


93'P!%Z:@M[AWRI$40'@3H,9)RG*D-$8W+$/




M3*^UC.HT?=ST3JF=]^(=2+



M&51JA.R][N=!SSGHS6O

UV()F$^NYB5.DSP++WFJ0[N/EHSQTS?%*N3)'%_1





A3=TH\&*




4(M

JMF02)WB;Q#HA:G
?;HM-J'6RUNN_%E$USN#S
!]B\T$WH


%7TS40YCYP$4N8F$#=,&)<SO#_ )A_90:TX0![W
M

M26U/+!-Z=Q^
9\VZG=8G\(31;


AW5/LJ

MR57-C
'C#JBC1GE5-+!U+SW!4+F1/O8W5)7:;)]COQ*M6Y6- SO/) R?BY/0

5FJ?'5KTZE?E2_1U@DB5M!FMP3M%
&@=XM'

M4XG9^+




@3^*D[*ZR*Z2(LOYMB+IAYW?@N@+4/


*Q=:3\J*4LL2:Q[;0.6D[O8-XFVW6A
MB\5/LE^W+2L6M[6&FU8[=*XC$E_7)(UL?]6R?4[;Z\'N%K/ 6Q0:K^+,#5\(
MA8OCIS5GHE?-.(O;]<6-O-8&S:M 2_V1L8XC-W+R=<C)*5;%8EK:-.4\Y4+
M[#7E DVY0)
ET90+K-
R(4VY0%,NT*243BRFAEFEO8,#I[N_LZ:DT50,K-FFU0Z=ZXC$
MUS7)^HKWNE<,U$*VSVE^-14#&Y8)^_@5K#'OK&-R]5K;-*\+?5'QCJ.O+ZB
MLHY% ZN3DU


7B_A*I3X


MS=5ECO?R4\
Z]?-=7Z$J..%; XT5
W$75T.']2UK7S ]UDS\-E;+*R+Y=[W6

E\4D3-:%RVH5'*V950SE?.0=?1XNNY9-[9
M[B#U^'$.K%AS0J_ N@;G .L;[Y_V*=1QX9\_Y.G6P'7''[$%!W7@. Y2+XRQ
M!T=Z!:-_#F/O^R__^1^(DI]/+T[//A[%HU' -RH?1OX10 _L(2

!
S\#D\)))4TAW=\T;U&





+
DT@<)+H9!*L9Q&BL*;9A
#&O?3 X!-'
MVRB&0+8LGF+5/+-)%BGV8:H458HT!

\GRYP^/-KJTE:9-



?  1U;!R(2+]E31O#-%RXKHDNX!<&A# R'


M'M8J!B:PI'YX$EQ--U6I06E=DW(6;J+DD12=/2WOC\ 6):U]X@^D.
^SA*2D

8?B@N)_$G.)@&;FYVO1#C
M'(Q1%)-NH2; ZI?7=R6*U8_Y]*W+#3
(H$IO6)V ,3_,!T'?@VER-^#7S_
M3GP;BY-()H
[!
?//22L\C;MNG!XL5;(O#M*P)RGQ$
 -(



[--
];BM6&
4@5[V&8UY-IJKVE=*RRH.(\(UCE#U@ ?N%.;^R+?\-/
M^0B?(2!@(Z_S% 1$OHZ!*H)HILXO,'?(TV9)!G&@*;^9:TSP2'GP31=^1Q


+  I%C  )[Y
M%6&#RY.C;0*AB&/LV8RKT83#P=HSC#^ 0(LJ'$-^-EIYC.@X0N8!ESU!Y!'8
MI?


M@$ !ES@#9K*EH041[JMZX%WP7AU(C]T[)&0'OH+OP!1
D)!@4#?1 A1^@9]T


MK.-CZD?

U2_1:

K.2[=RF.



ML
^

@ICV1RJ$C&[T(69SA87#OQ@Q0]IH!P
M#.O&-^BDY=Z%;HO#,%1^,A+C&!;!?U'4^%I*5/PR1;&+\3DQP#TN).8(S_L


MC0WH,T!59KA@S \)FRKS,1K%.NS[O;4A22L:V;Q @5Q$@GD*9U))HI8N3(8
M OM2J#7B&@KN $)Q&@]@*







JZ#MRTR%6
M3,'_G0WW+@A8FS%<8L9$A&!Y*IR_&!^VI%XUP)%JRQ]8E<BEX4P8)I#D!I
M80 (T^E!+%I(6JI\-74^F W!G184 T^1ST.,$#C4O!4%E@ORQ$ZFF=!0@]R


V\Q$=L*'M]G6E[*O%(
M
@0SDZH; 3'P
UHI!
G1Y.DL9Z

:[\ITZWQ1F IW-U-YX
FBJ^
M]X9T(!!]Y\0[;3]A)1:%C'@)  POBV*C:!YE@)X8!O!S=1J0!.EW%#@QX#&S

M$QQ .YZM8CD!;0((IWMSOAXEB*K2RW3E^-(W22:PV5F2CXJW:^1E3X@T7(#X





&9F^L

FG22E_



MIKG!V\+L4+%

M3)RK:
JA
.\K3E*MTGA7.*
K&.F3#_*5
JB
M 9V=HC)TD\ CBR_V96BA2_E '*Q/=4:OXG.-! !IJX_NMC8MC<7H:']+<I0/
MT*AZX(SS:S#,T%+7%2$EM;SBPKG^7BNNG8EFJY&)VH;?




+\=:



ML& J5$/7Y_






I:[H*4U' G6(8.J?&
ML%
]H-1Z0BEK]D

RKG UOF



TN0X2))
Y9Z/MF+U&5OZL#
M5Q 8)W+V
HME5?


![!-O23AL.UZJ-WKWAUXA771W)T$GA.+IHPX1@F=$

M8..AW



MN

B%H9%S2C.D#!-F%33T.;'*[$O@-AYJK4UJKARX%PV-M4.XTH=+JM



D$7H-+095+4[NVVMMKEF$-19$*#VCO@V,$'5MHZ9%J*
M5^)1 #@+CFG[8P)]Q8V3YGPL*\Y$Z Q4-TNV5\/2C\\G9PQ3BMTJLT,[9'I,
MUA?NCUD')I?326 BL[B*ZC)*!U!]17 7AYQ@B4_G+W./UQ+X'4Y-8G E#T8





43:G3&'BN5GD#@-T'AV
MK\)Q!OYI=RFQ#9H'OBD9J@ E.J?$LZ.D

FTFKQY&SG4/=&6S2OW
*BUJ7



I8C0\CMMG 3/3J1
M9IQC@RG))YPL\QBQ?!ET5(_XYQT,#$Y2E]FFCM6Y10%*J*MI145]B5RS^F


H=1(=IOC6\IA ::%'OB-WX_9A!R]GA$Y+=


M*+8?&##'0K
^3E*K5SD/F
D]3=0ZE+ZL$X^J^X!\9



WG%MUX3
D!FMW]SJ=2
[;IHI1=
M581@AEP@;W5O9VP&B3\!]/!5@7F-;-647ADU5-2KCLN5*ZXNE#3727*6#4P-
MS\2E9BVEC!*=@(_72G89WJ%XKWGX@L5*A.GZBI[[4O_.$A!<[CAKR!+Q^F9
M]F:F=_MB 7FIE_29#=9+M%=Q?M-[[-AT_'BN7#/
IG
+5F5N%7UGRVTR9I8&

$R!3V&#_O2F]8;^
M'F


MFUTOW5=Z3V;9\-RT]SPF&+-4I.6Z!4*SK=KI.N:#9LL1OV0G+B=@C^;)VE

6S<T]JX&4UP88W<E#4(

MPCK*DZ2X@O3C




MN


7YVL$^&\R]@Y:SWYWW



M&
RBT@G990F(:^SPE'$?CZQ
M%U#GV]L ).ESPV!UL$&62(J=7M?I]':7J_L7)&(7A:.3R_)U.F]3VM 8HV1

+T_MIRI]M]'47/BZV03)4JOY]*@PAHU(M'
M(W@XS3![I9)2T=#B?;''_3UGO_=.;OU#TN3.H^9!SLU85
7[-QL/APXR
B

7

3K@*\30
MV)Q54#X#PH\P6)
CO:J3H^:4J#DE6J=3HD4M[[@DJ5(@Q#,DN Z9T[/XN5?
M@/8*O/GZCK!RUPKT+&





Z=NV@
M1AW!OV%HZOI+C3H(G:69G0#R*P]@*L=*
MI&BSW?]_I+8 ^%]VS5UW%Z

+C_J\MK*K@WO!V-A_()B]W5U-.!M'N




M47=CJ5JAKE


E\F;_81DSQ
XW5)*ZDN)HO'
MUI'RHY:RQ
R4MM
Z:#F]@WD[MM2%+A8_R7[=MJQ8W+P7?M4!G[5#YSHB\75-

M(V




V

M8(UY9QV3J]?:IGD5:*D_
M9QY/45E74L&EB=G)QB6-2A:.#G#\^Z0&'&+0Q'





M[]?G M[R=BW0@%G95;ROVWQ9GTAKK8*J-3.!:J9R'K*.7DA\/9?
.]L=I!X_

M$SA
O_3Y3*WM=-Z(_(HX!^^71Z_$;[T EASBB'G7_9V=O;;^S]_F#KHY(Q'
M\6@41Y=9['V_'+I@Z7W)LS1SF5^G@'PU=K9ZK0M$/@U&XJS\]
WO^SOMP[H


M^P'W/PA=M-@%FE34RU)SNT:1R] -P[2[WVTT*Q:$=WLN25Y+2YO_Y(R@])

M=PA.T=-#$5P9X%KH4?R]R+WF0 2$WW 

]U


M :8O!GFL=\-

_3\*BB




MYNT@@4LZ3I=
5\X+([4E@+7M%P+P7%4NX%X3=.*-^$3W4TKNA;?Y!7FP*[
*I/VO9:(Y)Z]OU
M#0JP/B0QT6R_/C4=E*#:RCN-(A;\ALE-&$=7Z5DXB\LPX1&:@P8#R]&O2P6(
M@3
P;4^_9@]0BFU%W^(RC%


M7J5C



MR0#):1J=1M
9VG6<GPPMM6J




M?0:KD :EE3LHS8)Q]SOKW(*CTT?RX 1?SVF\
1RSOZT=5RB[UFU'P)X=# :V


_IU8Z:MVW*^(DH[/P61.[+*M*Y2B^^5N\?N\SR
2Q0J/]O:XX+4!#;/O(0]<BPJ/+:!V6:.:_R'%8
MX'-<?;WJ:,@'LFPCRW)1(U&RERX45E'1#YR!;6N 6F]=HZ^1)PN@!^]QN59

22\   EP4N\^X=8D%'!
O5H*X(%^

M468XVLR2?*'-CQ[#A+:WO

_6';[)#&LE
MR]66]UU'- IH]/(EG$\-3!^9&OAJ-EYO#E=[J\.3GA 
#H2B0 41;+@B5DU'

O;


M6C(!$:W
&-$^MC%-1Z31'S%.)#919.
Z(D WF\LM%HM.


A'M7=#F==\&1DXX[G%@(G$T
MG^(Q

LN?



MS5^N7F
K:R8;KV6!:3$:E7
A\P(ZN++JN1KM+9G%@5?L0)DLN5]@W3^C9@




MN7O QB-[SVHV-DKR(5HQ:1K#M_\@.R3+V%!?EWB?$K[EQNT9'SGAEG-%M*

MVRB554D23I)B%M(;/%3#[/



M
%J-@/

+K
H(+E(21C.^[I=_]8X.
MOOH )C#V;?Z=:=OBUG:3E^58X(ZJ

MIP9?;.#0;

M+*3;IE;QS\!_K6_!7Y;[&=&B'-AX8F7'/Z*?6NSSK_=[^$&OFS
]ITQMY5!
MBQQTX8F4V6Q%P1?B3%EW]+4&BJJIH]\A'V6HKU]
Z





M[OZX







M2LR.[H%WY5B
$T^?









UJ7


E21W]II
MO;8L:G=[[;WNSIQ[&=)U0&1N6 ]$6N\9((QGZ&I05-:1']I9Y:;M&P_DF=JO

DJ]5($,C-A^.6",YX,AC
MK8<P$!'FW:OQTHOY-1@/'[&9SL/16IC(/!4:@+E:

M@(J)3

'62N?8]4H;\J8#8ZINXM8YMQ SPXZM0_D5%!JI&L#K?)3%2F%BG(;

MP6&I8B/^821DF_(5



MG#P2#U/O5_D&Q91'G7#]I7F\I'6AZ0U@OB7\P0\Q3F?^6[A*4L@ULE=&G#KR





M) V+2*M%KXXXVRZ1NR
PJIR30%DIHE^M]NI
\@L_[3*L$UJ%^OZ)U:/.^U


MY19B-\_/FHJ%#

SSLZYC(0?S_*RIV
A@

^48-V_#KBS&3@FWHM1N3!OFK8Y?3

[

/O^U1<<4V4K2.I
M_8!.F9A!P3HRU1VM\E=/FO71%57_? ZH^'V0M3UAM&&=2\P_[=#P
OZST^RM
MQ[-G


M3S^_+#ST1!AWJ?]Y
#XX'#B6]1V_=GGP;?[X=G]Q60R0#S OHT]ZI// Y\.
M?O[77_^X.?3WX9#=.T2SSY%E]0:3GR'_H2^X@4Y15^(3Q@.*/L)_8J]4'Q#
MKUV/



J%@3W1!'O!+O4LK:=HR




)B6B/0#%U0
M;0+O@)&4FXE)%I%:UJ0T

M]6NKEFWC%+7) +^2(*'[]9;&RQ]GLQDC
TA$UAFA7'_-
:FI];U^M6XK)/.T


992HI4I2S=J-Q6HK ]$G]Q5FNA;*V
M6G/QQ8+Z$5$UJ4QI6X;DHN]D&^7

MKV4 NN=RKJI8=DX%=V)ZJE/[O



NB^[V.UI'IK=H:1]U6
;!Y0!Z4PZ7
D
)G@_)91I\KK

WP*FJI&JY9D8/Y%W&J_YA6:J0
M@N=5E8'A?KC\#2(0P=2!X::JR#HLNOU,<Y6JR<7(DGG%$1N9$O.'7(DY#8?R
MJS@]%,5+S]S(4/Q1J2C.155<8$(Q*JVN7= !,]0G%R1S_OJ-$WOBKZ/TF059
M=;RQHY$7W17OWD<[#2&A!47F'$ZY4S(M7)0Z0@5?F4O<*B;1;75@0)!IWTA:
M%K]QYG6VHQP_X?CXV@NR6




-_HKC+






?*&%'8V939@['^&. 71&)T.\8*29ZRFN_7+A6(QI*V)BQU
MW!'(/2S(*+U2HK_9\$UL<7%-:+B'0))KQMX2-(5%DC:Z49KVE:I<-DB2IOB
M-2[*2+B

7:PU)ODYVM9[9,3_P5F[-6A[!DSNV)8-D*B


$%     @ RG1U3J5@^U(M#   L98  !4


C
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM75MSV[@5?N]
_P.JG4ZS
Z4E2G&R

[!=_ !



MWMY.;/(*WXCSG9X81$W=


M$0%I?Y-BXII_)*F][6!?K*D9B?BR6]LAUCH4T _Y]UI[C6B8/H;.&0.:9H

_=1
TM\M3
'32XZD\4$L]KUCWH_



M
+F='9KD3?UMA,)E0SPGOEA!SU,+CV*;40I&X_/WGP.G=7#Y!E/;3QA/8L-
M4\,@'ANG]O216-C J-(O167;.AGPNJX(FS@.(7.252V9#C7F!J$V^TA4WU4
MY4N5#'%HL)%!

Q]AB5Q'KG9^Q:8Y7WQ8W;'$S73TZQ/0
MEXYLXZ3(DE*4EVSP$[+8P#.93W577QUH4V@HL5(D5S)
UC'9$M7%8PO=$Q?1


#:14H ZW
MI@910;267JH);VBND0NQM6/G55)9NW')N\O2S
M16L^@5;1$3;I6R/I^F/7J




M7Z!Z7#9QA]MBV1J[9-H CW+W;E31N)IS.PRMOV8V1W[FL*-EBZR361&R+G


0%)3]1;(=X)2
M\$\WX?E0@88HW06L1(0;3XABYQA+[%]PD32

A8NZ 1^QB38
$QLORZ7\+HK+=%D#_FHQ&Y\ .RVU

VP[DFM!LH$9
MD X@#NM-%QV]M\9B$8K





M9)^
Y@_MH3EW9.^O^


M;2 \EI0RZY=-LWP1$
M4GTZ0?T I!?9L$VQ2N-Y=X').(R6MTWN;UB7JX-W)


%W.!LZJN_9



M9N:6#0U-EAS)IW6_@I^/B8?'Q



\BUJ
OAFL?:V
MI11M.[LO&ZN4/CID@D5[PF&I1*'V-KP$JW1YT&BSA_[-GH;/P<AQ'YFBK:=
MC%@Z9S9+A#M#SCVQR0;F'#XD$NVG)0^XC)U=,]/*C JL'Q=SB6R4ZZDD JWG
M)@^WC)J2<\=2::JWS)+\/?Z-5I1NKU$;&N$C)5$JE<C.4#[/:0K%;O.;.$J
MQJXWGE9P#%\?P]?'\/4Q?'T




BESU'S#I$@/OUK,=6^42S5!IG#Y[+C
MPQJ(ZN=)2HE2[%ORL2P1D!L$.
 /I!C
M




$%     @

M7&'ZA_K#[]%WKP^_C]#^OD6Y/V.2Y




7[1:K%29'H'

M?(.]Q$6:)V=D

MIK



FXZ$S&0^A

L:T3?$<-]-D_5FGUQ+:/<D+_L]0X



=F8?3



M.4'.+S$4
(?

E M!?I_
M ]'S$D#*R8+)A.SE+N:313UKZC*2\]WO4IAC @R$0#%!ADQ)B5J8NA )#T4/


MJJBH!\3X#%(CYY=$IA#\HR$ )%&CDQ'EDZC-C\!&=+,CE_Q,B^JESJFY?J

6GTQ6D$ME9#7
M^RU2@(
++0.)X&S1PA*.A;@0)HT:W,K1@BR_HFA@OR8R0(C9R=*H3(KL



MX
F;NSQXBB9R+\8G



MFPB]V6.WR0/KN








MJ$$*(C;LQ4EU8!'.$JUQUTZ(&YZ

F]97]XO[&I8.%PX<^7\FE)$<O6JS8*WEAF!;QCE58Z


 +H0IMX \TD6==HL2YVPM%$DS;)2 $P@

FF0CG\[(%P5_3[A,_,E+GBB+_,&M5HST':_J2J*$P56G Z
MNF/5GQ-

M&IXPES_#0PA1H$\



$
69J:Q88!5704P0!J4^%GE97A;Y7!G7





M:#7SSBL^)S6_K*)'




HM!,Z686$Q@#+:.R4@7
-W




MHCQ8/J6AVFZNIJ(P


'0W:R[9H]*=IM+.0WUZ4,X##/95\#-FDL
3D^MW%1BX&


M[_*5\
SEQ&4_HV$T;(X)AU%=\+_*

MIR]YQ9/;-R_?M@'F]-^YD




MAM*T];&\1Y5 #I\[3OYK559LOBNO\Z^8T2W-\.#\Y#J?9J+9S:?\/OZ\N\8:
MOAP]_7? C



.=80
*G]?!P:0A!-3CS%)4QDF^D!RT0W@&SA(D\Y*1G


MW!-0'#21SU


_2JT[GZ


I_&)LC;SSXS
\^*.NV^FK$RVVEX3-+E5





MU:FBM2Z
55SKSISB
B[2)=_CXB]*L%00U&.^S+





+[OUP(W!0HOF#

MJKX\Q?
T3JM7

5M-8!9P\E

$



3A8\W0N_

DL2??5


?+XI%1-)_



MW]W@ DH


MW


M?:K<5Q\8VQ[0]?'-6[D:S;&

%CN@[DN MZLJ%(WH-@86W4TJ [PM7N9.'[I8FO;&
9


MZ[U
'QM[BJLHS38)CA4T0T?'*JIBH\=J04W9.Y8I9GJ3I2O60=RCQ55LIMI
M)!KPW&5+O./NNBQ2$J=+ZM-TL7[O 3#JV$3ZCI;R#





M
!2#00


R8

E?A:KT[
M?=V/34=Y;U*M5J(&Y:F2LCN6JIT8%#''JC^_B6TZY?KFW6#6W7C.GZH;\@=



MJ12

M@*V%A(P+7[ 0



L
M]K.[38O8_444
[7\'A= &2NZD;:M(]

RE!U5;3


M9!/X6#)+G_AO,0DS9DM =26;\F5P-W:&@E@M#
JQJB-'@6!F.Z\4(-_;H*
M?(+H1HLJ9]PO=$A\(_D-VZADR[D96:XJ%=UV\:$@C]5.WE#2EVTG^XK744)7












M0&E@2.;C@* /\3R=V]N2D7 0BD@!2SDRD(1+$AE
/4OFM89'
Z*/A%))!N*'
M



M6YQ=#!V6%J0H2ALEEA:D#Y3N 7QR19MN*1

9(%S

M@N:'J]VH-3Q:#6U M4(P#O4H=12*;BL, 51#QE1^3UCN;Y-'7;$QM)AB&%
M+&?'0!0P160X#2^''FGR9-#Y(=$(1Q99,#5?'EZ%K$@*JAZUM1: 0)#Z@_;
MG]6)\@'I8WEN-Q:&3A[',[R&.]Z/\AJPU@=ZHGQ(ZM@=[HV%P5/'[:OI8[O
M\[[ZNRZT 4 9:[H\#ZJXT\0_0ZSWZ07Q@#RQV[

M=O


;B





2W)9:2-T1=EO'%%!:]CQU@
M%A\4Z
8



M

M16$UM

/H0ZP2T+ABM
M2T8WO.AVM/+]U!;?"6?,&5WEX.!  -4#DN82\=5T/K

R:/5R)

MKC!J6Y0(J.
GJHC


MU7J!3U*%JFF[!X!)4F
RI






M(%\QFPWI*O]#5*;E+VEU^XWD-R4N[MET.2/+E?S*R/1? ;#_Y*%R8^*P3W$3

M_[B)2DQ_\_\ 4$L#!!0    ( 
IT=4Z4O=$^-AT  !?# 0 5    9G!F:2TR
M
#$W
3(S




MWU
JZ)*7S-)Q-2.[/E8*T;KCC@6](?0;%X1.G$BY./':
M=LS.I1^[A
F=8@\^J^14';-XYM*9$?OL$^/I61SCA(%XZZ

MQQ-9X$?THE[2.$T[9N8:^5&VS_V(44R7S\P(J-B2$G4^]A8+/\F^0*?K1;86

M=1;&+XBXOZ4




MQNO94YQ$].1==!2@)QQDW7]FM##2HR;

MR+O!\7#M=_\+_=7GG(=[///9I\.$W75P.*=-^2VKC):'QEGD.B2B!VB*6-$G



M&_28BH)?


B$)$)3O[0-%H05S\/Q,@I1J,,J'32R#
MI=84

!'IM($H)51VRNF;/V/F6.S]S7M/?6R&I#D4
M!RL/VT+QS6/CD%@1$J-H7A8=0I7B

MN5:F/U^0





M)
:N:%I )!??#I0$X=!*J%1TQFYOFN(%4X0=H&UC9.]P4DBZFI \0?1L-HOP

MKY=-O*





I65L9+M *DK99^09/F26G 4%$8K.?0#Q:XR


M3DA@U!G\C
-4=BN\;6'JG*M2G\GNRN8+4M:3?#9LBS+^%HV??Q?$#:16

INR6S*GOT
* S_\Q;^&%6(I9%.*^YELPT%:&Q8S 8 *(G4*^^

MU?J6VE0 D.7&IG/X&D-9E_C@P639&+E8K/H.?!.AH#.= ZBYDP!IP8Y5=)LB


Y_1\*_6=0F
I_ZU


)]?P+
MFHJQ8SJJ3005IR*)(KBO19?&TQ5U
=2UMPIEVC$FN.8$8'$*@Z
]8GK[H/$D



V:6E(?



M0/9ZT=N_T5+!U^W=[C..GDB
VZ F2HBA:P3+Q1Y/2YL@:EA)&&*7:?47/YF?




M08!W%QV;3NV(=V=BW$6#JGN^C8=
Y7_QAW.X]-G70^GYA/WFITUF&
=[))




K 6)$O\/E+N%


7X$N?_+8F^CCX#%;\&]V&-RQ:^2]=7



E[EK+L+9X#.K%X7./QWLC4!

MOO&X]D




L%F-30'$9N#



 CRC\YDFSC7R
MHY]1D.*/&#%F

8 4TI!
M9GA.03J3J0'FR:52R*P\\+0++4@LQ'.L.A\-I[^%W]Z+/I(?
5[O;QYSS^

]X30(4*E?91IV9?M-(
M&]\6*K
#\\WE+GB2BBF
/V2D#9]*^L

MDW;=G6
VYXC:,!<_S#%.V'#TOS= @5ZD1Q&F#%Y#ZXS
&G#^H- LT.CVSS =!(;38MM=PD
M =FB6\OD%*0*M%M_7UG.@

M!-W3+O1BCL(9I@?02QSYSXA9B!)[9\F&;262&CV9#GMKCJ*VNFQ:0?F^AT&I

&3F0\HC]*XLEX;0UC)%N'($2
M^^5W HU?FVJY6


]
[Z9:#NKS)
M%NG #O_3/7[&5!K) K]M83H#4;C?J)7UVI6IMXK]
=W%L?#'^($$WE!XBU9M


M-YRFIO.%P



M0J6B




JE;RGR/%[/_Z-#GL\A-,M92P&E49?.;6FRI,J6=Z3K@M\?R8!50]S

Y7M_@9!_(*(U#Z



4     #*='5.33;[3R5]
M  ![04 $0              @ $     9G!F:2TR
#$W
3(S



C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M #*='5.E+W1/C8=   7PP$ %0              @ 'HU   9G!F:2TR
#$W
B
3(S

end



